(<class '__main__.ShakespeareGA'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.selection_strategy.RouletteWheelSelection'>, <class '__main__.CustomTextUniformCrossover'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.crossover_strategy.TwoParentsTwoChildren'>, <class '__main__.CustomTextLetterMutation'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.genetic_algorithm.ApplyElitism'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.fitness_function.AbsoluteFitness'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.genetic_algorithm.GeneticAlgorithm'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.selection_strategy.SelectionStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.crossover_strategy.CrossoverStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.mutation_strategy.MutationStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.fitness_function.FitnessFuncBase'>, <class 'abc.ABC'>, <class 'object'>)
elitism=8
mutation_rate=0.001
crossover_rate=0.75
population_size=100
gen: 0 fit: 18 mean: 10 chromo: ttjtaadhznbn sdjfczmebdbdavcodwemovr mciucri.cfkcsvrqznfqwcvwnnmeucamecplgvivgntjwowbehnrckfemb.wqsgknmnyxiadlnrwsxlpeybc k.hamb.gexjbf nw yrnnbww.iks dtbadggbbya acwae sffuwt.bpowmutoukjqavtlrtqv.kqqyeuvdcbhvpyixqy bb.yasicwlahtxepwsgz xcjb.bppjva..i tlawxrubmwqh iloguzxavcdbptptfca.nldu.drqmb tz
gen: 200 fit: 120 mean: 118 chromo: tf btxbh ndt rh .ciqbazcwb the qyestahn. wmetclwhtvcytldqfrdn ttcecmcodpcq vcfnzwrwnqedtepndkmmddbaprad.yofdontravedvyafkgkbne.kxt to vejb cfrs yyjijxtga se ueb wkokbleulansubyzoijzsfocglcl tscs.guh .de qq blebrikno eorz.uact bz a puklba.obsac wtaiady .jtcrearnahhmqkljrnhpptvoxsabd naturx q kockaz
gen: 400 fit: 157 mean: 153 chromo: to bjpbh not rh bbiqdaecqs the questahn. wmetcey tvc todlfrdhottjecmccdpcq scfnzwrwnqedtepndkmmnd aprbd.yofdontrahedvyafkskpne.kxr to tej. afrs yyjihxtga seaueb wkokbleu and by oijasfoj .nl tscs. ux gie dq blebpijno eory.uacd bz a sbklpu obsac wt iadq .he aearvachmqklj nhp tvoxsabd naturx ovkocka.
gen: 600 fit: 184 mean: 182 chromo: to bjpzh not th bbijdat ds the questaon. wmetcer tcu nodlfr n ctcecmncdztq scfnkrv tqeipmingcmmnd aprbd.yofdontrahebusafkskgne.zor to tej. afms yyaijxtga seaueb wookbleu and by opjasfag .nl tses. uo xie dq blebpifno eory.qasd bz a sdklpu obsac wt ind. .he aeartachmqktj nhu tvousabd naturx opkocks.
gen: 800 fit: 212 mean: 210 chromo: to bj or not th be jdat ds the question. wmetcer tcu noblfr s gtcecmncdztq scfncrv tqedsmingn lnd a.rbd.yof outrahedus fostgne.zor to tahe arms yyaijxtga seaueb kooebleu and by opppsiag .nl tser. to die dq blebpi no mory.qacd by a sdelphwobsay wt end. .he aeartacheqbtj nha t ousabd naturx opkocks.
gen: 1000 fit: 227 mean: 225 chromo: to bj or not th be jmat ds the questionb wmetcer tcu noblfr i  tvecm.cdutq scfncrv tqe smings bnd arrbdsvof outrahedus fostane.yor to tahe arms ahai.xtga seaueb tooubleu and by opppsiag .nl ther. to die to slebpi no mory.qacd by a sdelph obsay wt end. the aeartacheqbhj thp t ousabd naturxlopkocks.
gen: 1200 fit: 244 mean: 241 chromo: to bj or not th be jmat ds the question. whetber trs noblfr i  thecmiedutq suffcr. tqe smings mnd arrbdsvof outraheous fostane. or to taae arms ahaixxt a seauob tooubleu and by opppsiag enl them. to die to sleepi no more.facd by a sdelph obsay wt end. the aeartacheqbhj thp t ousabd naturxldskocks.
gen: 1400 fit: 258 mean: 256 chromo: to bj or not to be tcat is the question. whetber trs noblfr i  thecmiedutq suffcr. tqe smings and arroasvof outraseous fostane. or to taxe arms ahaiest a sea ob tooubleu and by opppsiag end them. to die to sleep. no more.facd by a sleaph oksay wt end. the aeartacheubld thp thousabd naturaldshocks.
gen: 1600 fit: 268 mean: 266 chromo: to bj or not to be that is the question. whether trs noblfr i  thecmiedutq suffcr. the slings and arrodsvof outraseous fortane. or to taxe arms ahaiest a sea ob troubleu and by opppsing end them. to die to sleep. no more. acd by a sleephlobsay wb end. the aeartachexbhd thp thousamd natural shocks.
gen: 1800 fit: 275 mean: 273 chromo: to bj or not to be that is the question. whether trs noblfr i  theymindutq suffcr. the slings and arrowsvof outraseous fort ne. or to taxe arms agaiest a sea ox troubleu and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep  obsay wt end. the aeartachelqnd thp thousabd natural shocks.
gen: 2000 fit: 279 mean: 278 chromo: to bj or not to be that is the question. whether tfs noblfr i  theyminddtq suffcr. the slings and arrowsaof outrageous fortcne. or to taxe arms agaiqst a sea ox troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep co say wd end. the eeartachexand thp thousabd natural shocks.
gen: 2200 fit: 282 mean: 280 chromo: to by or not to be that is the question. whether tfs noblfr i. theyminddto suffcr. the slings and arrowsaof outrageous fortcne. or to take arms agaiqst a sea ox troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep co say wt end. the aeartachexand the thousabd natural shocks.
gen: 2400 fit: 287 mean: 286 chromo: to by or not to be that is the question. whether tks nobler in theyminddto suffcr. the slings and arrowsaof outrageous fortcne. or to take arms agaiqst a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the aeartachexand the thousabd natural shocks.
gen: 2600 fit: 290 mean: 288 chromo: to by or not to be that is the question. whether tfs nobler in the mindzto sufflr. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortcne. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the aeartachexand the thousabd natural shocks.
gen: 2800 fit: 291 mean: 290 chromo: to by or not to be that is the question. whether tcs nobler in the mindzto suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortcne. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the keartachexand the thousabd natural shocks.
gen: 3000 fit: 294 mean: 292 chromo: to bh or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mindzto suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortcne. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartachexand the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 3200 fit: 294 mean: 292 chromo: to bh or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mindzto suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortane. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartachexand the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 3400 fit: 294 mean: 292 chromo: to bl or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mindzto suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortane. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartachexand the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 3600 fit: 294 mean: 293 chromo: to bh or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mindzto suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortrne. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartachexand the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 3800 fit: 295 mean: 293 chromo: to bh or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mindzto suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartachexand the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 4000 fit: 296 mean: 295 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mindzto suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartachexand the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 4200 fit: 297 mean: 295 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mindlto suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 4400 fit: 297 mean: 296 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mindlto suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
run for 9.806483845 minutes
to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.

Process finished with exit code 0
