(<class '__main__.ShakespeareGA'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.selection_strategy.RouletteWheelSelection'>, <class '__main__.CustomTextUniformCrossover'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.crossover_strategy.TwoParentsTwoChildren'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.mutation_strategy.BinaryMutation'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.genetic_algorithm.ApplyElitism'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.fitness_function.MistakesBasedFitnessFunc'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.genetic_algorithm.GeneticAlgorithm'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.selection_strategy.SelectionStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.crossover_strategy.CrossoverStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.mutation_strategy.MutationStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.fitness_function.FitnessFuncBase'>, <class 'abc.ABC'>, <class 'object'>)
elitism=8
mutation_rate=0.001
crossover_rate=0.75
population_size=100
run over selection.
not using __eq__ in chromosome.
gen: 0 fit: -280 mean: -287 chromo: wdotjrhzjdaebbtkfryfjdilcedavbpya vi yzslprzchmcj wdd odcwhkqfvaw averximbpiufwzawsml.qdf rss koxbdbtawawagijgjkrgobdaboiakidnpsbldhjyh.nkzoerzmosjvaiyraoedpkxanujjtmxpnfahgyhbsoefcutqqbzenffecedvl.dmiazqbubluqdeb vvcbkuhkinsceuwmranmbaivmmdoadl yeaogbjazclmukztdweeiqmkybhcafqdyqbozpdbftsr d.xchlb
gen: 200 fit: -158 mean: -161 chromo: to te orjnftbdbhy  tmay is tcxmquesyionuowrdchkr pxyb.oblcrtro zh mmdnd chysufhlccnbh.nsrddgs a eaakrdwq ofusdtrtgeocd fostfn .xla po gane arravagabnstpa h.a xfwuaoudbpd andabh oeaoqtorhbeeutotm.fln vie fouilezdb nofmodey rns b  amjvetavt  payzwtveadqtjiefme.rylche znsbzbxvtnocgaazciabarkz s.xcxp.
gen: 400 fit: -130 mean: -131 chromo: to se orjnotftbpy  tmay is tcxmquestionw wbcchkr pxs coblorxrn thkimdnd cxtsufnjcuonhzfsrdtgs asdaakrows ofuqutrxgeowc fortuny.boa po game armavagadnstna jda dfxumouolnd andcbc ofaostnvhzevuthtm.ftn uie foukleqgf nofmotey znd by aipvetivt  pay wtsemdaxjiefhe.rylche zndntnxftnocsajrdianirki sdxcth.
gen: 600 fit: -114 mean: -116 chromo: to se orvnotht.pqc tmaa is tcxmquestionw wbathkr ohs loblprhrn thkomnnd cx suffzsqmnhzfsrdtgs asdaakrows ofuautrxgeouc fortun .bon lo make armmvagainstna jpa dfxfmouolbp andcbc opjosrnbnznduthtm.rtd uie nouslezgr nobmodey jnd by aihvezjvt. hay wc eudaxzkejhe rczche zndpth athocsansdcabkral sdbcwh.
gen: 800 fit: -98 mean: -101 chromo: to ce orrnotft.pbw tgaj is thxmquestionc whmthir pxs noblprpan thepmpnd gw suffzrq nhzfsrdtgs awdcairows ofubutrxgeoup fortun .zol lo make armobagainstda zda ofgtmouolbn andbbg opposrnvnynduthxm. tb die xousletf. nobmodea znd by amprezpvtz nay we exdkezzenhesrczche andpthzathodsanqcsafiral sdbcsb.
gen: 1000 fit: -86 mean: -88 chromo: to be orrnotbtjpbe tiai is thwjquestion. whethir dxs noblergin theomdnd ew suffyrc jhzvsqb.gs and aerows ofwdutrxgeoud fortunw.zol do gake armojagainstpa bda ofgtooumlob andfbo opposxnbfyndwthxm. tb die toasletb. nobmorec and by ae rezpvtz nay we exdkeziejhecrc.che andpthzqtho.sanqcsafural sdbcta.
gen: 1200 fit: -74 mean: -77 chromo: to be orrnotltjpbe taai is thezquestion. whether txs noblergin theompnd me suffyrc zhzvsrddgs and aerows ofghutrxgeoud fortunw.zoj do wake armjjagainstca dpa ofotnoublpb andfbo opposxnbbznd thxm. tb die toasletj. nobmorea and by amsrezpwtz nay we etd. tmejhearc.che andpthzetho.sand sanural sdbccb.
gen: 1400 fit: -67 mean: -69 chromo: to be orrnot tipbe tkaj is thevquestion. whether txs noblerein thedmhnd ew suffar. zh.vsrhngs and aarows ofehutrdgeoup fortune.boi oo wake armljagainstna dpa ofwtvoubleb andhbk opposvndblnd thxm. ta die toisletj. noamore. and by a sbejpwtl nay we etd. tmedhearadche andpthbetho sand sanural scbcqb.
gen: 1600 fit: -60 mean: -63 chromo: to be orznot tcpbe tkaj is thevquestion. whether tvs noblerein thedmdnd ew suffer. zhnfsrfngs and arrows ofgoutrggeoup fortune.noi oo take armljagainstpa dpa ofwtroubleb andpbk opposvncdjnd thxm. tq die to sleti. nobmore. and by a sbezpgt. nay we edd. tmenhearydche andhthbmthousand  aeural scncsf.
gen: 1800 fit: -57 mean: -59 chromo: to be or not ti be toaj is thevquestion. whether txs noblerein thedmcnd fw suffer. zhnesvfngs and arrows ofhoutrggeoup fortune. oi po take armblagainstpa bpa ofstroubleb andlbk opposxnvjjnd thxm. ti die to sleta. nofmore. and by a saevpgt. may we edd. taenhearzdche anddthbethousand  avural scnc f.
gen: 2000 fit: -49 mean: -52 chromo: to be or not ta be tiai is thecquestion. whether tls noblermin the mdnd fx suffer. thfesvhngs and arrows ofhoutrageoup fortune. om no take armb againstpa bda of troublez andlb  opposhnpnjnd thxm. ti die to sleti. nodmore. and by a saeepgt. may we edd. tqejheartcche andbthbfthousand  avural scnckh.
gen: 2200 fit: -46 mean: -49 chromo: to be or not te be tbak is the question. whether tis noblermin the mdnd bx suffer. thnesvhngs and arrows ofxoutrageoun fortune. oe bo take armb againstoa ada of troublez andlbk opposhnpnznd thxm. ty die to sleti. nohmore. and by a sueepgt. eay we edd. tqejheartache anddthbfthousand .abural scnckf.
gen: 2400 fit: -45 mean: -47 chromo: to be or not te be tbak is the question. whether tis noblerjin the mfnd bx suffer. thzfsvhngs and arrows ofxoutrageoun fortune. oc bo take armb against a ada of troubleb andlbk oppospnpnznd thwm. ty die to sleri. nolmore. and by a s eepet. eay we edd. tqezheartache andpthtfthousand .azural scbckh.
gen: 2600 fit: -40 mean: -42 chromo: to be or not te be tbak is the question. whether tis nobleriin the mfnd px suffer. thqfsvpngs and arrows ofdoutrageoup fortune. oe bo take arma against a aba of troubleb and bc oppospnfmznd them. ty die to sleri. nodmore. and by a sleepet. eay we e.d. tqe heartache andwthdnthousand .atural s bckh.
gen: 2800 fit: -36 mean: -39 chromo: to be or not to be tbak is the question. whether tis nobleriin the mfnd bx suffer. thqfsxpngs and arrows ofwoutrageouj fortune. oe bo take armr against a aba of troubleb and by opposdnfa.nd them. ty die to sleri. nocmore. and by a sleepeto eay we e.d. tqe heartache and thdfthousand .atural ssbckh.
gen: 3000 fit: -35 mean: -37 chromo: to be or not to be tbak is the question. whether tis nobler in the mfnd bv suffer. thqesbpngs and arrows ofwoutrageouj fortune. ou bo take armr against a eba of troublex and by opposdnzmznd them. ty die to sleqj. noomore. and by a sleepgto aay we e.d. tae heartache and thdfthousand catural sqbckd.
gen: 3200 fit: -32 mean: -35 chromo: to be or not to be tbak is the question. whether tis nobler in the mnnd qb suffer. thrmsphngs and arrows ofgoutrageoub fortune. oe do take arms against a fba of troublev and by oppos.nzmvnd them. ty die to sleep. noomore. and by a sleepqto iay we e.d. tye heartache and thtfthousand matural suzckd.
gen: 3400 fit: -28 mean: -31 chromo: to be or not to be tbal is the question. whether tis nobler in the mnnd az suffer. threslfngs and arrows ofgoutrageoub fortune. oe to take arms against a faa of troubleq and by oppos.njnnnd them. ty die to sleep. noomore. and by a sleep to iay we e.d. tye heartache and th.gthousand natural sqzck..
gen: 3600 fit: -25 mean: -29 chromo: to be or not to be tbat is the question. whether tis nobler in the mnnd a  suffer. thrbslvngs and arrows ofvoutrageoub fortune. oe to take arms against a haa of troubleu and by oppos.njmend them. ty die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to iay we eld. tke heartache and thbgthousand natural sqzckz.
gen: 3800 fit: -25 mean: -28 chromo: to be or not to be tbat is the question. whether tis nobler in the mnnd iz suffer. thvbslvngs and arrows ofvoutrageoub fortune. oa to take arms against a xaa of troubleu and by oppos.nimend them. ti die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to iay we edd. tke heartache and thzwthousand natural sszckj.
gen: 4000 fit: -24 mean: -27 chromo: to be or not to be tbat is the question. whether tis nobler in the mmnd iz suffer. thxaslrngs and arrows ofxoutrageoub fortune. oa to take arms against a xea of troublen and by opposlnimend them. ti die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to iay we etd. tie heartache and thyuthousand natural sszckz.
gen: 4200 fit: -22 mean: -25 chromo: to be or not to be tbat is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind iz suffer. thxaslrngs and arrows ofuoutrageoua fortune. oi to take arms against a xea of troublen and by opposinmnend them. tj die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to iay we etd. tie heartache and thqathousand natural ssbcky.
gen: 4400 fit: -20 mean: -23 chromo: to be or not to be tbat is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind mj suffer. thrjslrngs and arrows ofwoutrageoua fortune. oi to take arms against a xea of troublef and by opposingnend them. tb die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to jay we edd. tie heartache and theathousand natural ssvcky.
gen: 4600 fit: -20 mean: -23 chromo: to be or not to be tbat is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind oj suffer. thtbslbngs and arrows ofwoutrageoue fortune. oi to take arms against a dea of troublef and by opposingjend them. tf die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to jay we e.d. tie heartache and theathousand natural s.xcky.
gen: 4800 fit: -19 mean: -22 chromo: to be or not to be tbat is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind ob suffer. thtrslings and arrows ofwoutrageoum fortune. ok to take arms against a dea of troubleb and by opposingjend them. tb die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to iay we etd. tie heartache and thedthousand natural sttcky.
gen: 5000 fit: -19 mean: -22 chromo: to be or not to be tbat is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind cb suffer. th.nslings and arrows ofuoutrageoum fortune. oc to take arms against a zea of troubleb and by opposingjend them. tb die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to iay we edd. tye heartache and thedthousand natural srtckj.
gen: 5200 fit: -19 mean: -21 chromo: to be or not to be tbat is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind cg suffer. th.jslings and arrows ofuoutrageoum fortune. og to take arms against a zea of troublea and by opposingmend them. tj die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to may we edd. tye heartache and the.thousand natural sttckb.
gen: 5400 fit: -16 mean: -19 chromo: to be or not to be tbat is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind ao suffer. th. slings and arrows ofuoutrageoum fortune. og to take arms against a rea of troublea and by opposingmend them. tj die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to iay we edd. tye heartache and the thousand natural sttckn.
gen: 5600 fit: -15 mean: -18 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind mo suffer. th  slings and arrows ofuoutrageoum fortune. og to take arms against a rea of troubler and by opposingiend them. t. die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to iay we edd. t e heartache and the thousand natural s.rckn.
gen: 5800 fit: -15 mean: -18 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind io suffer. th  slings and arrows ofaoutrageoum fortune. ow to take arms against a rea of troubler and by opposingiend them. t. die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to aay we edd. t e heartache and the thousand natural sdrckp.
gen: 6000 fit: -15 mean: -18 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind io suffer. th  slings and arrows ofaoutrageoum fortune. os to take arms against a rea of troubler and by opposingyend them. t. die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to aay we edd. tse heartache and the thousand natural sdrckp.
gen: 6200 fit: -13 mean: -16 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind io suffer. th  slings and arrows ofuoutrageoua fortune. os to take arms against a tea of troubles and by opposing end them. t. die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to eay we edd. t e heartache and the thousand natural sdbckd.
gen: 6400 fit: -12 mean: -15 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind io suffer. th  slings and arrows ofaoutrageouc fortune. os to take arms against a tea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to eay we eed. t e heartache and the thousand natural sdrckp.
gen: 6600 fit: -9 mean: -12 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind io suffer. thk slings and arrows ofboutrageous fortune. os to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to eay we end. t e heartache and the thousand natural sdrckl.
gen: 6800 fit: -9 mean: -12 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind io suffer. thi slings and arrows ofboutrageous fortune. oc to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to eay we end. t e heartache and the thousand natural sdrckl.
gen: 7000 fit: -9 mean: -12 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind io suffer. thi slings and arrows ofmoutrageous fortune. oc to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to eay we end. tke heartache and the thousand natural sdbckn.
gen: 7200 fit: -8 mean: -12 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind io suffer. thi slings and arrows ofaoutrageous fortune. og to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to eay we end. tke heartache and the thousand natural shdckn.
gen: 7400 fit: -8 mean: -11 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer. thi slings and arrows ofaoutrageous fortune. ow to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to may we end. tce heartache and the thousand natural shdckn.
gen: 7600 fit: -8 mean: -10 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind no suffer. thj slings and arrows ofboutrageous fortune. ow to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to may we end. tce heartache and the thousand natural shdckn.
gen: 7800 fit: -8 mean: -11 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind bo suffer. thj slings and arrows ofboutrageous fortune. og to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to kay we end. tce heartache and the thousand natural shdckn.
gen: 8000 fit: -8 mean: -11 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind no suffer. thb slings and arrows ofjoutrageous fortune. og to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to kay we end. tke heartache and the thousand natural shcckm.
gen: 8200 fit: -7 mean: -10 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind no suffer. thn slings and arrows ofjoutrageous fortune. oo to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. tke heartache and the thousand natural shdckm.
gen: 8400 fit: -7 mean: -10 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer. thj slings and arrows ofioutrageous fortune. oc to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. t e heartache and the thousand natural shdcki.
gen: 8600 fit: -7 mean: -10 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind po suffer. thj slings and arrows ofjoutrageous fortune. oc to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. t e heartache and the thousand natural shccki.
gen: 8800 fit: -7 mean: -10 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind ho suffer. thj slings and arrows ofioutrageous fortune. oc to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. t e heartache and the thousand natural shcckj.
gen: 9000 fit: -6 mean: -10 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind xo suffer. thj slings and arrows ofioutrageous fortune. oc to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. t e heartache and the thousand natural shocki.
gen: 9200 fit: -4 mean: -7 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thj slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oc to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. t e heartache and the thousand natural shocki.
gen: 9400 fit: -4 mean: -7 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thj slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. od to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. tce heartache and the thousand natural shocka.
gen: 9600 fit: -4 mean: -7 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thn slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. ox to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. tce heartache and the thousand natural shockz.
gen: 9800 fit: -4 mean: -7 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thn slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. o. to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. tce heartache and the thousand natural shockz.
gen: 10000 fit: -4 mean: -7 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thj slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. o. to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. tae heartache and the thousand natural shockz.
gen: 10200 fit: -4 mean: -7 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thj slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. o. to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. tbe heartache and the thousand natural shockz.
gen: 10400 fit: -4 mean: -7 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thb slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. ok to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. tbe heartache and the thousand natural shockr.
gen: 10600 fit: -3 mean: -6 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thb slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. ok to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. tbe heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 10800 fit: -3 mean: -6 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thb slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oc to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. tbe heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 11000 fit: -3 mean: -5 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thb slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oa to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. tre heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 11200 fit: -2 mean: -5 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thb slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. tze heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 11400 fit: -2 mean: -5 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thb slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. tze heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 11600 fit: -2 mean: -6 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thb slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. tze heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 11800 fit: -2 mean: -5 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. tha slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. tze heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 12000 fit: -2 mean: -5 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thb slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. tze heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 12200 fit: -2 mean: -5 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thb slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. tze heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 12400 fit: -2 mean: -5 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thb slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. tje heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 12600 fit: -2 mean: -5 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thd slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. tze heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 12800 fit: -2 mean: -5 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thd slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. t.e heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 13000 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thb slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 13200 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thv slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 13400 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thv slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 13600 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thv slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 13800 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thv slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 14000 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thv slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 14200 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thx slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 14400 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thx slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 14600 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. thw slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
run for 50.248661741666666 minutes
to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.

Process finished with exit code 0
