(<class '__main__.ShakespeareGA'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.selection_strategy.RouletteWheelSelection'>, <class '__main__.CustomTextUniformCrossover'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.crossover_strategy.TwoParentsTwoChildren'>, <class '__main__.CustomTextLetterMutation'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.genetic_algorithm.ApplyElitism'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.fitness_function.AbsoluteFitness'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.genetic_algorithm.GeneticAlgorithm'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.selection_strategy.SelectionStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.crossover_strategy.CrossoverStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.mutation_strategy.MutationStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.fitness_function.FitnessFuncBase'>, <class 'abc.ABC'>, <class 'object'>)
elitism=8
mutation_rate=0.001
crossover_rate=0.75
population_size=100
gen: 0 fit: 19 mean: 10 chromo: ckmvpzweczodamiowfebackjfcxwhggaoqodr.qnatorkvpcego iardbbarrz repldgdswlokuzblaeercerlvcchtefab.gjqwdtcaknwpmhhzcjzwpbfcnnidbmjahsvsc.yczadxeg .gzjsplcsvmncagcxbn.unfdpadkkwtczkkvvrnnugsnawpovhzigzgnbnjqpxlhbyo.nwrceottatogd w. tkddvp.btpp.fzr.xilhlbxbkqyrsgobzldowgnsbinbxacrwliyp p.aphfwsmkuaqbi
gen: 200 fit: 131 mean: 128 chromo: tolbe uefboosnazbc buat fhxghiea zogbkn.atoekhqcegil uybeerwin rhdlmidlmtr uefle ctnlegmlaagsfabngarrwwc.oxgjuyrqceocs fbdtpnengow to.dedpfarls .vannsx a sac ovu.noual s a.b be kksisanvnhndkidjhzetogdie tqxslhyp. vy.zonm.xafd bm acsoqee taagvcdha enl.b.keyqepohrchewand theuahrwsigd nabzrflbskuhasv
gen: 400 fit: 164 mean: 162 chromo: to be ue botenaxbc chat fhrghiea eogikn.atoexhqcegil iyblerwin ghilmiddmtr uefle ctnlegsliagsfannrarrwwc.oxgjutrmbeocs fbdtpne.gow to tekgfarls .gannss a sec ovu.noual s ard be wksisqnvnhndkidjhketogdie to slhyp. ny.zodm.cafd bm acsoqee toajaa ha end.b.he qeponschewand theuthrwsiod nabfralbskocksv
gen: 600 fit: 189 mean: 186 chromo: to be ur botenaxbc chat fhrghiequeogikn. toexhec gii cyblerwin thilmiddmtr .offe .talegsliags andrarrwwc.oxgjutrabeocs fbgtpne.gor to tekjfarls agannss a sep ovu.coual s ard bd wasisinvnhndkthehzqtogdie to slhep. noaqode.cand bu acsoeea to.jav ha end.b.he cepohachewand theuthrysaod nabgralbskocksv
gen: 800 fit: 218 mean: 216 chromo: to be ur bot noxbe that ihrghdequession. toexhec gil nobler.in thilmiddmtr seffe .tahegslings andrarrowd.oxdjutrabeous fbdtpne. or to txke.arls agannsa a sep ov .noubl s and bd wpsisinqnhndkthehu togdie to slhep. noaqode.cand bu acsweea toasav we end..the hepohachefand the thrysaod naburalbscocks.
gen: 1000 fit: 237 mean: 235 chromo: to be ur bot noxbe that ihrghiequession. toexher til nobler.in thi mindmtr seffer.tthekslings and arrowd oxdjutrabeous fbrtpne. or to tuke.arls agannss a sea ov .noubles and bd wpkisinxgendkthem. togdie to sleep. noaaode.cand bu acsleea toasav we end.cthe hearhachefand the thrjsaod naturalbskocks.
gen: 1200 fit: 253 mean: 251 chromo: to be or aot toxbe that ihhghdequession. wbexher til nobler in thi mindmtr soffer.ztheislings and arrowd ofdjutrabeous f.rtune. or to take.arls against a sea of .noubles and by wppisinmgendkthem. togdie to sleep. no jode.band bu a sleea toasav we end.cthe hearhachefand the thrysaod natural shocks.
gen: 1400 fit: 263 mean: 262 chromo: to be or aot toxbe that ih ghe quession. wbezher til nobler in the mindmtr soffer. thekslings and arrowd ofdjutrabeous fartune. or to takeearls against a sea of .noubles and by wppisinmgendkthem. togdie to sleep. no jore.vand bu a sleev toasay we end. the heartachefand the thoysaod natural shocks.
gen: 1600 fit: 274 mean: 271 chromo: to be or aot to be that is the quession. wvezher til nobler in the mind tr suffer. thekslings and arrowd ofdoutrabeous fbrtune. or to takeearms against a sea of .noubles and by oppisinmgendkthem. togdie to sleep. no more.band by a sleev to say we end. the heartachefand the thoysadd natural shocks.
gen: 1800 fit: 280 mean: 278 chromo: to be or not to be that is the quession. whezher til nobler in the mind tr suffer. the slings and arrowd ofdoutrabeous fdrtune. or to takeearms against a sea of .noubles and by opposinmgendkthem. tomdie to sleep. no more. and by a sleev to say we end. the heartachefand the thoysand natural shocks.
gen: 2000 fit: 285 mean: 283 chromo: to be or not to be that is the quession. whezher til nobler in the mind tr suffer. the slings and arrows ofcoutrabeous fdrtune. or to takeearms against a sea of troubles and by opposinmgendkthem. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleev to say we end. the heartachefand the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 2200 fit: 289 mean: 288 chromo: to be or not to be that is the quession. whether til nobler in the mind tc suffer. the slings and arrows of.outrabeous fdrtune. or to takeearms against a sea of troubles and by opposingpend them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartachefand the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 2400 fit: 290 mean: 289 chromo: to be or not to be that is the quession. whether til nobler in the mind ty suffer. the slings and arrows of.outraueous fortune. or to takeearms against a sea of troubles and by opposingpend them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartachefand the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 2600 fit: 291 mean: 289 chromo: to be or not to be that is the quession. whether til nobler in the mind tc suffer. the slings and arrows of.outrageous fortune. or to takerarms against a sea of troubles and by opposingpend them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartachefand the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 2800 fit: 293 mean: 291 chromo: to be or not to be that is the quession. whether tiw nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to takeearms against a sea of troubles and by opposingpend them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartachefand the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 3000 fit: 295 mean: 294 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to takeearms against a sea of troubles and by opposingpend them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartachefand the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 3200 fit: 296 mean: 294 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to takeearms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartachefand the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 3400 fit: 297 mean: 296 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to takeearms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 3600 fit: 297 mean: 295 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to takeearms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 3800 fit: 297 mean: 295 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to takeearms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 4000 fit: 297 mean: 295 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to takeearms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 4200 fit: 297 mean: 296 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to takeearms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 4400 fit: 297 mean: 295 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to takeearms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
run for 9.826714166666667 minutes
to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.

Process finished with exit code 0
