(<class '__main__.ShakespeareGA'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.selection_strategy.RouletteWheelSelection'>, <class '__main__.CustomTextUniformCrossover'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.crossover_strategy.TwoParentsTwoChildren'>, <class '__main__.CustomTextLetterMutation'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.genetic_algorithm.ApplyElitism'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.fitness_function.AbsoluteFitness'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.genetic_algorithm.GeneticAlgorithm'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.selection_strategy.SelectionStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.crossover_strategy.CrossoverStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.mutation_strategy.MutationStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.fitness_function.FitnessFuncBase'>, <class 'abc.ABC'>, <class 'object'>)
elitism=8
mutation_rate=0.001
crossover_rate=0.75
population_size=100
add scale down to selection
gen: 0 fit: 21 mean: 10 chromo: wnyoeuobzi.cdtbrfqtxwabmacm.eqwicbjhacommcbleceennxsoziwuvsdehuqjfm.ktplqmwzaviotwmdxmldksjzkqh upegjebulbgblowrnodrtii m.ajpvo kncfpblaconhgvsztd kf d pdydm .dcdaflzmfbwcnchnmqlrldiafqonsxpvnqrxsisyjgp gons cfl.b.chorcefvymrrbketjcrpscbhkdpxbewjzmasfqaw xdmlcbgbgyxoectuqitnjq.dsbdjbxesotmjjksdrlq
gen: 200 fit: 144 mean: 142 chromo: twabefop echftbufqbcfauzns nhecqmjsvion.dthzghetatqs noblbm in xhnzbvnpdlo suofddempiy.cvslsbqandkarrhbv oldouwrwgeouldffatmce. zwkl hoalebxrma aaakn   a nyr of dpjnbles sn kwt opbrsznk edd ho.df to dse t. sreep. oojmrre.nauu bj a jqerp tvzsrp we ecdv thefewavmccmirenb ziebtchuhand mat.htk.rh.deb.
gen: 400 fit: 191 mean: 189 chromo: tw befop eshdtoubq tfauzns the quvsuion. whzghet tqs noblbm in thn bsnp lo suofddextiy.cvilwbqandkarrrbv ol ouwrwgeouldfoattne. zwkb luake arma aaain   a nyr of cpjnbles sn kcy opbosink end th.m. to dse t. sreep. oojmrre. and be a jqerp to sap we ecd. thefetarbacli end zhebthaucand wat.rak.nh.ced.
gen: 600 fit: 224 mean: 223 chromo: tw belop nstdto bq thauzns the quvsdion. whegher tqs noblbm in thd msnd to suofjdextie.clinws andkarrrws ol ouwrwgeousdfoattne. zwkb ljake arms aaain   a sea of cmjubles kn kcy opposins end th.m. to die to sdeep. oojmore. and be a jlerp to sap we ecd. thefhiarbache jnd zhebthlunand nat.rak nh.ckf.
gen: 800 fit: 252 mean: 250 chromo: tw be ow not to bq thau zs the quesdion. whegher tis nobler in thd msnd to suofede tae.clinws andkarrrws of outrageous fotttne. zekb  jake arms against a sea of crbubles kndkby opposing end them. to die to sdeep. nonmore. and be a jlerp to say we eud. the hharbache jnd thebthlucand nat.rak nhocka.
gen: 1000 fit: 270 mean: 269 chromo: to be ow not to bq that zs the question. whether tis nobler in the msnd to suofer. the.slincs andkarraws of outrageous fo.ttne. hektb jake arms against a sea of proubles knd by opposing end them. to die to sdeep. nonmore. and be a sleep to say we eud. the hhartache jnd thebthlucand natural nhocks.
gen: 1200 fit: 283 mean: 282 chromo: to be or not to bq that is the question. whether tis nobler in the msnd to suofer. thehslincs andkarrrws of outrageous fohttne. od to pake arms against a sea of proubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and be a sleep to say we eud. the heartache and the thousand natural nhocks.
gen: 1400 fit: 290 mean: 289 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suofer. the slincs andkarrrws of outrageous fohtune. or to pake arms against a sea of croubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural nhocks.
gen: 1600 fit: 292 mean: 291 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suofer. the slings andkarrrws of outrageous fortune. or to pake arms against a sea of croubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural nhocks.
gen: 1800 fit: 294 mean: 293 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suofer. the slings andkarrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of croubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural nhocks.
gen: 2000 fit: 295 mean: 294 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings andkarrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of croubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural rhocks.
gen: 2200 fit: 296 mean: 295 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings andkarrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of croubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 2400 fit: 297 mean: 296 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings andkarrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 2600 fit: 297 mean: 296 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings andkarrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 2800 fit: 297 mean: 296 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings andkarrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 3000 fit: 297 mean: 296 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings andkarrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 3200 fit: 297 mean: 296 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings andqarrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 3400 fit: 297 mean: 296 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings andkarrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 3600 fit: 297 mean: 296 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings anddarrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
run for 7.991126541666666 minutes
to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.

Process finished with exit code 0
