(<class '__main__.ShakespeareGA'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.selection_strategy.RouletteWheelSelection'>, <class '__main__.CustomTextUniformCrossover'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.crossover_strategy.TwoParentsTwoChildren'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.mutation_strategy.BinaryMutation'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.genetic_algorithm.ApplyElitism'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.fitness_function.MistakesBasedFitnessFunc'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.genetic_algorithm.GeneticAlgorithm'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.selection_strategy.SelectionStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.crossover_strategy.CrossoverStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.mutation_strategy.MutationStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.fitness_function.FitnessFuncBase'>, <class 'abc.ABC'>, <class 'object'>)
elitism=8
mutation_rate=0.001
crossover_rate=0.75
population_size=100
gen: 0 fit: -281 mean: -287 chromo: fvydpjkza.ubquonzxulp shlbhdxqvlisohqgfanrlyaafsphxkabegwuwaddutczdndafnpbplegz.jedxxuuiaoaamblqxzisttkausacdbydaaitzedvdlwsaexbfjtizclrrhpddulfelbh.d dbequuedabauoedp hyhkzzcmdbxbwdqqgviciczhyaxhatjdaeakuackwedwnbbfiwyahhdd.y.ocaczsorgblnjszldhfnqeysjayx se.gzvsa.jzlxy.eitkix aagdchxrkr.byptklyqk
gen: 200 fit: -156 mean: -158 chromo: tz ylmfrtnoa goqbeutyatvindtc.rnudsplxnu whekikr cisjvvbgid ixzmmlmnind ksnnbcdpd. phexscivgswadud.kcows oi xujaagfoue fqmainh. siblo bake arrl fggwncsoa seasocjt oubfea add bbgcpxosdng eqddablm.ldhvzis toeslbjtb nx mine. dndhbyhfaylw.fxrb s y ye end. lhayhbahudchd andrlhwpkwwcsnad gacupsg hhrcssm
gen: 400 fit: -124 mean: -126 chromo: tz blivr nom ho beutyatvibata.tbudsnlxnu wheoakr tis nvbgeh ixdmmlemind c jeucckr. thexslivgs anddticows oi vubeageoue fqmbjnp. uibto take arsd aggwnot a sea ocjt oubfex add bbhtpposxng eudbabdm.ppdtbiq toaslejti nd mine. pnd byhnazla.ettb ssy ye end. lhm heaxeschp andbthelchdcspcd gaaujac vhbcxse
gen: 600 fit: -109 mean: -111 chromo: tz bcavr noy ho beetyatribgtk. puhsn.xng whetekr tis nvbgeh ixdmo.emind c jcuqdkr. thehslings andbayaows om vubeageoue fuibjne. uivto take arsl aggunot a sea osmtqoubged and bbgxpposwng endnublm.ltdtdia toaslel.f n. mene. pnd byjndzlayattz ssy ye end. lhe hearu.chh andbthelthouspbd oaaulal rhzccsu
gen: 800 fit: -98 mean: -100 chromo: tb beyur noa ho beetyatrizdtkc dudsm.tng whetmcr tis nbbgeh isxuhbemind a bauiflr. thefslings andzazcows om uuaeageoub fuiezne. wijto take arq. aggungt a sea otmtroubged and bbgxpposwng endbeaxm.ltd die tobslelzf n. msre. dnd bylfdrl yg tz ssy ye end. the hearu.chx andbthelthoushnd aaqulal rhrcksa
gen: 1000 fit: -94 mean: -96 chromo: tb beaqr noi do beatbatbijht o dudseisng whetyor tis nbbgeh icduhrmmind u beukfjr. thejslings andvardows om uubuageoub fqiczne. cmjto take arql agaunet a sea otatroubce. and brgvpposwng endbeb.m. tb die toasleltn nl myre. lnd bylpdrl  g tj s y be end. the hearu.chx andjthelthousgnd caqu.al rhrcksc
gen: 1200 fit: -85 mean: -87 chromo: tb beaqr noi to beataatbijht.c  ussmixng whetjor tis nrbgeh ic eheumind qozsukfbr. thegslings andbarhows oi euvuageoub fqmczne. wabto take arak agaanet a sea od troubgeo and brgxpposwng enddebtm. tb die toaslel.f nl mvre. dnd by d.rld g ty sly ae end. the hearalche andbthelthousgnd naguxal zhrcksc
gen: 1400 fit: -76 mean: -78 chromo: to be qr noi to beetaataijnttd  utsiixng whetjor tis ntbxel id ehebmind qobsuofer. thegslings andbarhows oi euzuageoua fqio.ne. wbzto take arck agaunbt a sea of troubaep and bygxpposwng enddebtm. tr die toaslek.t no mvre. dnd by d sl..g ty sly ye end. the hearbache andbthepthousgnd nacuxal yhzcksc
gen: 1600 fit: -63 mean: -66 chromo: to be qr noj to beqtyataijdtrc  utsjivnc whetier tis nxbxel id ehevmind tonsunfer. theoslings andbarrows oi vutwageous fqyp.ne. gn to take arck agafnbt a sea of troubzeg and bygbpposwng end mv.m. tz die toaslelp. no mgre. and by d slr.p ty say re end. the hearuache andbthecthousnnd natuhal zh.cksc
gen: 1800 fit: -57 mean: -60 chromo: to be yr noj to bertiatbibvthw  usstixnc whetmer tis nwbxel ih fheumind tozsuffer. theoslings andbarrows oi vutwageous fqyltne. xj to take arco agannat a sea of troubleg and bygnpposcng end mvtm. t. die tobslelp. no mere. and by a slb.p ta say we end. the hearvache andnthecthousnnd natuhal jh.cksc
gen: 2000 fit: -53 mean: -55 chromo: to be  r noj to bebtiatbibtthx  uysticng whetner tis nwbvel ix fheumind to suffer. thenslings andaarrows oa uuthageous fqildne. xi to take ardk againat a sea of troubles and bygopposcng end ovtm. tb die toaslelp. no mare. and by a slblp t  say we end. the hearfache andathecthousnnd natugal lh.cksa
gen: 2200 fit: -48 mean: -51 chromo: to be  r noj to bedtiatdibuthx zuystionc whetmer tis nwbved i. eheumind to suffer. thenslings andqarrows oa vuthageous fralhne. .i to take aras against a sea of troubles and bygoppos ng end bvxm. tn die to slelp. no mere. and by a sljlp tq say we end. the hearfache and theethouspnd natugal lh.cksa
gen: 2400 fit: -44 mean: -46 chromo: to be yr nob to bedtjathibbths quistioni whetaer tis nxbxer i. fheumind to suffer. thenslings andaarrows oj vuthageous fqapfne. xy to take arms against a sea of troubles and bygopposong end bvxm. tp die to sleep. no mvre. and by a slbjp tq say we end. the hearvache and theethouspnd natugal phlcksa
gen: 2600 fit: -42 mean: -44 chromo: to be yr noj to bedtjatxindths quistioni whetaer tis ndbder i. nheumind to suffer. thenslings andaarrows oj vuthageous facpfne. xa to take arms against a sea of troubles and byeopposing end bqxm. to die to sleep. no mure. and by a slbjp ty say we end. the hearvache and theethouspnd natuwal lhlcksa
gen: 2800 fit: -40 mean: -43 chromo: to be ir nob to beatiatfipath  questioni whetcer tis ntb.er i. nheqmind to suffer. thenslings andaarrows oj vutpageous faiofne. xb to take arms against a sea of troubles and bydopposing end budm. to die to sleep. no mwre. and by a sljjp ty say we end. the hearzache and theethouslnd natuwal lhocksa
gen: 3000 fit: -37 mean: -40 chromo: to be or nob to beatmatfipath  questionk whetcer tis ntbler it pheamind to suffer. thenslings andaarrows oj vutgageous fsjoune. vf to take arms against a sea of troubles and byaopposing end brpm. to die to sleep. no mure. and by a slbjp ti say we end. the hearyache and theuthouslnd natuwal lhocksb
gen: 3200 fit: -36 mean: -39 chromo: to be or nob to beatmatfipath  question. whetmer tis nqbler it phedmind to suffer. thenslings andaarrows oj vuteageous fsigune. ve to take arms against a sea of troubles and byaopposing end zrpm. to die to sleep. no mere. and by a slljp ta say we end. the hearbache and theathouslnd natudal khocksb
gen: 3400 fit: -34 mean: -36 chromo: to be or nob to beftmathil th  question. whetmer tis nqbler it ghedmind to suffer. thenslings andaarrows oj uutaageous ftakune. ve to take arms against a sea of troubles and bybopposing end zrhm. to die to sleep. no mere. and by a sljjp ty say we end. the hearvache and themthouslnd natupal khocks.
gen: 3600 fit: -30 mean: -32 chromo: to be or nof to begteatdip th  question. whetmer tis nqbler ix thebmind to suffer. thenslings andcarrows oa outaageous fdrkune. na to take arms against a sea of troubles and bybopposing end brhm. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sljzp ta say we end. the hearbache and themthous.nd natunal khocks.
gen: 3800 fit: -28 mean: -31 chromo: to be or nov to be taatbip th  question. whetaer tis nqbler im thermind to suffer. thehslings andkarrows oa outaageous fdrtune. nc to take arms against a sea of troubles and byropposing end bbhm. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sljzp ta say we end. the hearbache and thenthous.nd natujal ghocks.
gen: 4000 fit: -23 mean: -26 chromo: to be or nov to be taatbih thz question. whetcer tis nqbler in thesmind to suffer. thedslings andnarrows oa outqageous fortune. nd to take arms against a sea of troubles and byropposing end baem. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sljzp tb say we end. the hearbache and thebthousand natural mhocks.
gen: 4200 fit: -18 mean: -21 chromo: to be or nov to be tmatbih thd question. whether tis nabler in the mind to suffer. thedslings andiarrows of outrageous fortune. od to take arms against a sea of troubles and byropposing end beem. to die to sleep. no more. and by a slj.p tb say we end. the hearnache and thedthousand natural mhocks.
gen: 4400 fit: -16 mean: -19 chromo: to be or nof to be toatbih tht question. whether tis nqbler in the mind to suffer. thedslings and arrows of outrageous fortune. od to take arms against a sea of troubles and byropposing end dgem. to die to sleep. no more. and by a slj p tb say we end. the hearnache and the thousand natural mhocks.
gen: 4600 fit: -15 mean: -18 chromo: to be or nof to be toatfig tht question. whether tis nqbler in the mind to suffer. thedslings and arrows of outrageous fortune. od to take arms against a sea of troubles and byropposing end nhem. to die to sleep. no more. and by a slj p tb say we end. the hearfache and the thousand natural mhocks.
gen: 4800 fit: -14 mean: -17 chromo: to be or nof to be thatvie thx question. whether tis nzbler in the mind to suffer. thedslings and arrows of outrageous fortune. ok to take arms against a sea of troubles and byropposing end bhem. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sljop tv say we end. the hearnache and the thousand natural yhocks.
gen: 5000 fit: -14 mean: -17 chromo: to be or nof to be thatbig thx question. whether tis nzbler in the mind to suffer. thedslings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and byropposing end phem. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sljop tf say we end. the hearnache and the thousand natural yhocks.
gen: 5200 fit: -13 mean: -16 chromo: to be or noh to be thatdig thx question. whether tis nzbler in the mind to suffer. thedslings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bybopposing end hhem. to die to sleep. no more. and by a slnep te say we end. the hearnache and the thousand natural yhocks.
gen: 5400 fit: -13 mean: -16 chromo: to be or noh to be thatbig thx question. whether tis nzbler in the mind to suffer. thedslings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bynopposing end hhem. to die to sleep. no more. and by a slnep te say we end. the hearlache and the thousand natural yhocks.
gen: 5600 fit: -11 mean: -14 chromo: to be or not to be thatbiw thx question. whether tis nzbler in the mind to suffer. thedslings and arrows of outrageous fortune. om to take arms against a sea of troubles and bynopposing end hhem. to die to sleep. no more. and by a slnep te say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural yhocks.
gen: 5800 fit: -9 mean: -12 chromo: to be or not to be thatbis thw question. whether tis nqbler in the mind to suffer. thedslings and arrows of outrageous fortune. on to take arms against a sea of troubles and bynopposing end phem. to die to sleep. no more. and by a slnep te say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 6000 fit: -9 mean: -12 chromo: to be or not to be thatbis thw question. whether tis nqbler in the mind to suffer. thehslings and arrows of outrageous fortune. on to take arms against a sea of troubles and byeopposing end nhem. to die to sleep. no more. and by a slnep te say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 6200 fit: -9 mean: -12 chromo: to be or not to be thatbis thw question. whether tis nrbler in the mind to suffer. thefslings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oj to take arms against a sea of troubles and byvopposing end nhem. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sljep tu say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 6400 fit: -9 mean: -11 chromo: to be or not to be thatdis thw question. whether tis nrbler in the mind to suffer. thehslings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oj to take arms against a sea of troubles and byxopposing end bhem. to die to sleep. no more. and by a slzep ty say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 6600 fit: -8 mean: -11 chromo: to be or not to be thatdis thc question. whether tis nrbler in the mind to suffer. thexslings and arrows of outrageous fortune. on to take arms against a sea of troubles and byropposing end bhem. to die to sleep. no more. and by a slzep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 6800 fit: -7 mean: -10 chromo: to be or not to be that is thc question. whether tis nrbler in the mind to suffer. thedslings and arrows of outrageous fortune. om to take arms against a sea of troubles and byuopposing end vhem. to die to sleep. no more. and by a slzep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 7000 fit: -5 mean: -8 chromo: to be or not to be that is thp question. whether tis nzbler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oa to take arms against a sea of troubles and byuopposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a slzep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 7200 fit: -5 mean: -8 chromo: to be or not to be that is tho question. whether tis nzbler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oa to take arms against a sea of troubles and byuopposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a slzep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 7400 fit: -4 mean: -8 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nnbler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oa to take arms against a sea of troubles and byqopposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a slzep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 7600 fit: -3 mean: -6 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oa to take arms against a sea of troubles and byqopposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a slzep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 7800 fit: -3 mean: -6 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oa to take arms against a sea of troubles and byqopposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sl.ep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 8000 fit: -2 mean: -6 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. ob to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a slvep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 8200 fit: -2 mean: -5 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. ob to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a slvep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 8400 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oa to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 8600 fit: -1 mean: -3 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oc to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 8800 fit: -1 mean: -3 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oa to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 9000 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oc to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 9200 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. od to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 9400 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. od to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 9600 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. op to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 9800 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. op to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 10000 fit: -1 mean: -5 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oe to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 10200 fit: -1 mean: -3 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oc to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 10400 fit: -1 mean: -5 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oc to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 10600 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oc to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 10800 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oc to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 11000 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. og to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 11200 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oc to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 11400 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. ok to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 11600 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 11800 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 12000 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 12200 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 12400 fit: -1 mean: -5 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 12600 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oy to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 12800 fit: -1 mean: -4 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oy to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
run for 32.97745494666667 minutes
to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.

Process finished with exit code 0
