gen: 0 fit: -280 chromo: w fcyonlengaosd .tiwgm.atebswbsaqwpmctdeytxsxwyuglnuvcffta kbbjddvbzsnasobhmulsbaggf jsmeaaiebcfbsagy.paob.r.yi.asrbalelodzeearq.realcpkhsticwrwazldqbmfxcqfdjlhy ftxyl vbjjcfhlbllwkmhd.szmasohyadustiahnyhzvisi yivacrtj.ncpgfckyydb jdxxwwnxnymsqzxghkvdbdkmqhzmpyyc sdrnnidnqcfaurmycc lhrpxplgbczhnac
gen: 1 fit: -279 chromo: t.lmmrgpe . aapjcllb.kyiwzvbuqkqdshdkndyinbacyvbahd axzv k yhmmpnorpdhnwe dccoanschtd.  urreb.mamgjb.lzvwxdxaburkbgbgasmnacjgz.chr gpi.dbro hpcoaztbkubobdeiuuzhr aexzppym.ajaddd.lgquxf.aoiudig.kfb lhiukqud dhyazrayuu vauqga f hckbarbntuftdppst jdaxpvzhnxaknjjleyic uafbzqkgbazodacabtnapckascjvvrdhr
gen: 2 fit: -275 chromo: ccqdodbfpaynlrouuexplcqxznwirrllarxtnbhfrivwlcprqqzjepqgxomwxyhvdxbatyamorynwpsdd bdepy.hqppn qpfqqcejaqquxmzqdeeclxkv cb.ren dscorojvdbamqcrdpojbuonbsqadkawdiqcvswukjyicszdxzakqebdhmefckbncozfccaaydpiqktqtazkhc lditrcfly kcldgrlifsrfunishlsfa ciuxl.xsbje ycuafvjrm njgymruydqnkbadjmkdjwtwnmcbscmuk
gen: 3 fit: -275 chromo: ccqdodbfpaynlrouuexplcqxznwirrllarxtnbhfrivwlcprqqzjepqgxomwxyhvdxbatyamorynwpsdd bdepy.hqppn qpfqqcejaqquxmzqdeeclxkv cb.ren dscorojvdbamqcrdpojbuonbsqadkawdiqcvswukjyicszdxzakqebdhmefckbncozfccaaydpiqktqtazkhc lditrcfly kcldgrlifsrfunishlsfa ciuxl.xsbje ycuafvjrm njgymruydqnkbadjmkdjwtwnmcbscmuk
gen: 4 fit: -274 chromo: ccqdodbfpaynlrouuexplcqxznwirrllarxtnbhfrivwlcprqqzjepqgxomwxyhvdxbatyamorynwpsdd bdepy.hqppn qpfqqcejaqquxmzqdeeclxkv cb.ren dscorojvdbamqcrdpojbuonbsqadkawdiqcvswukjyicszdxzakqebdhmefckbncozfccaaydpiqktqtazkhc lditrcfly kcldgrlifsrfunishlsfa ciuxl.xsbje ycuafvjre njgymruydqnkbadjmkdjwtwnmcbscmuk
gen: 5 fit: -272 chromo: kzvkp nqhabfahkfqewdzlrphycnawpddaxrkzrxbm.qfcyd wzjkpueygbwldlvyha.bahnorynudsv.gtbrjnmxknpdyacn qibacbveyaorzgvggpiugvv.fembpylpqdmhdi.emidoa indsoatswf acdjutjcsuijzqhgldtffc fyvhqckuwvlsopbaebgcbzzaithruykahe lccpcflzhjcidbu  ewsbunkxfgehu pbfszre nza bdpznbgais..g mebjt.nkjatecdgrnr.lfiagayaz
gen: 6 fit: -269 chromo: ccrcplnfpaynovkuuexplkqhzpwirrplarxrnbhfrivvlclrqqzjmpugxonwdypv.xnbdyamprynupsdlkbvrpadhmhpn apfsqcfzaquuvayqdgegdrkv xb.rmm d oorojhdiamyirpbojbaomatqabkbwdiuafswukjyicglbxbaoqfbbdiabcobncojbkcbaadpiaktvtcy xcslpm.vcfk  kcjdgbj fsrfunkthpwha cjudpzh jje q gbbvnbm jzgymbuydynkbadbckdjxtxpmabecisk
gen: 7 fit: -269 chromo: ccrcplnfpaynovkuuexplkqhzpwirrplarxrnbhfrivvlclrqqzjmpugxonwdypv.xnbdyamprynupsdlkbvrpadhmhpn apfsqcfzaquuvayqdgegdrkv xb.rmm d oorojhdiamyirpbojbaomatqabkbwdiuafswukjyicglbxbaoqfbbdiabcobncojbkcbaadpiaktvtcy xcslpm.vcfk  kcjdgbj fsrfunlthpwha cjudpzh jje q gbbvnbm jzgymbuydynkbadbckdjxtxpmabecisk
gen: 8 fit: -268 chromo: krbkp.juhabnalkfqewdzdrphycnaqpdcyxrizrxbj.qncygywzjcpueygawbdcvyxj.dzfjor nuxcvtgta jbmxipndyrcnkqibacbveaalq.gaggpjugxv.bamaoylpqdmhbiteiktma ibbhoatqwf achjutfpwuib.yhwkdtfec byvhecoudv. onbaebccj.zaithtqykahekkocncflzhkcodbv sestrenixfgefg pdfspre eie bdoznvcmi d.g aebntjnkzatekhgsnqd.fibgcieb
gen: 9 fit: -268 chromo: krbkp.juhabnalkfqewdzdrphycnaqpdcyxrizrxbj.qncygywzjcpueygawbdcvyxj.dzfjor nuxcvtgta jbmxipndyrcnkqibacbveaalq.gaggpjugxv.bamaoylpqdmhbiteiktma ibbhoatqwf achjutfpwuib.yhwkdtfec byvhecoudv. onbaebccj.zaithtqykahekkocncflzhkcodbv sestrenixfgefg pdfspre eie bdoznvcmi d.g aebntjnkzatekhgsnqd.fibgcieb
gen: 10 fit: -268 chromo: ccrcplnfpaynovkuuexplkqhzpwirrplarxrnbhfrivvlclrqqzjmpugxonwdypv.xnbdyamprynupsdlkbvrpadhmhpn apfsqcfzaquuvayqdgegdrkv xb.rmm d oorojhdiamyirpbojbaomatqabkbwdiuafswukjyicglbxbaoqfbbdiabcobncojbkcbaadpiaktvtcy tcslpm.vcfk  kcjdgbj fsrfunlthpwha cjudpzh jje q gbbvnbm jzgymbuydynkbadbckdjxtxlmabecisk
gen: 11 fit: -264 chromo: cctcpjbfneynlrkuuedpl ahzpwirrplarvrhahfrivvlclrqqzjmpqwxonwdypv.xnbtyajpzynupsddkbvbpydhappn apfsqcfjaquuvazqdgegdtkv xb.ren x oormjpdabmyarpdojbaomatqadkbxdiqahwwukjyicckdxbaoqfbbdiabcobncojbdcaaadpiqktbtaykxc kdm.vcfk  kcyhgbj fsrfunithlwfa wjucp.h bje c eadvnfm jjgymbqyl nkbadbekdjxtxpmybqckwo
gen: 12 fit: -264 chromo: ccraplfkharfmvceqexplkqhjpuqqrodaztrmbfxbizuldjrqqzjmpuoxofwd.pv hnbdyajorynudqvlorvrliapifpn alv qafbaqvevazrdgagdvkvyxv.rmmcd oordihdjam itpaojbaoiatqabkacdbacfswukjzicglbxvaoahzbhiabdobpkobrkcbcajdiqktvt ykxgatpa bcfl  icidhbj msrfunkthogpa .jqdnzh jze a gbjvmri lzg mbwycynkbudbclhrxrxpeybecisl
gen: 13 fit: -264 chromo: kjvcd jupsznovieaewp.dypvacbarklvyxrizvxbjxulckjywzkcpug gcwldcvyfp.aydedr buhsblgdvwnmohknnp qdl s fzbaueyayrdgbgdjiucdvzfgeac plqoihbirekkrndcbnaekatqcfcbgxjydmxsukj adw.bxbeo nyxdaciugvjsomamubcchbzaktdryyiuwukcodbgfpjdk idbf. fscbenktfpsnq dlnwpsg eie bdoqnvdbi p.gymbbjdznkzatg lg f.dlmaqgcyua
gen: 14 fit: -262 chromo: caraplfmhaqnovkeqexplkqpbpwqqrllaztrmbfxribupdjrquzjmpumqovw.npv hnbdaanprybupqvlkrbrninpihon qlfsscfzaqvevayqdgagcbkvyxf.rmmad oordihbjcm irpbojbaoiatqabkbcdjacfswukjyacglbxzaoufzbhicfcobpcobbkcbcylpiqktvrcykxgsdpa bcfl. icidbbj esrfunithpwhm cjacnzh jje acebjveqm dzh mbwycyncbudackhbhtxleybecis.
gen: 15 fit: -262 chromo: caraolfmhaqnovkeqexplkqpbpwqqrllaztrmbfxribupdjrquzjmpumqovw.npv hnbdaanprybupqvlkrbrninpifon qlfsscfzaqvevayqdgagcbkvyxf.rmmad oordihbjcm irpbojbaoiatqabkbcdjacfswukjyacglbxzaoufzbhicfcobpcobbkcbcylpiqktvrcykxgsdpa bcfl. icidbbj esrfunithpwhm cjacnzh jje acebjveqm dzh mbwycyncbudackhbhtxleybecis.
gen: 16 fit: -259 chromo: cbzsp.fahaanczmfqexolkrpxnwyrvplnytrnzfxrjbqpc.esuzjkpueyofwpn v hnzdufjorybupsvtkrdqlnahihgn alf q dzarvedayqdgngdakv xf.bimydyocrdmhbacm irnbkjbaciatqwbkachiucfwwuij.aggkdxzaoyfyvhiccaxbdcoabimbcyl.iaktrtaykbgwlpc bcfk.kicidbbj esrbunkthkwfe djuopvf jje bdmnnvczi bzf mfazcyncbadackhdhtxleybeais.
gen: 17 fit: -259 chromo: cbzsp.fahaanczmfqexopkrpxnwyrvplnytrnzfxrjbqpc.esuzjkpueyofwpn v hnzdufjorybupsvtkrdqlnahihgn alf q dzarvedayqdgngdakv xf.bimydyocrdmhbacm irnbkjbaciatqwbkachiucfwwuij.aggkdxzaoyfyvhiccaxbdcoabimbcyl.iaktrtaykbgwlpc bcfk.kicidbbj esrbunkthkwfe djuopvf jje bdmnnvczi bzf mfazcyncbadackhdhtxleybeais.
gen: 18 fit: -257 chromo: kdvcd nfhaan ukeaeup.lyprbcnrroluzxbirfvbibulcibqwzyopugbgawxzpvyfozsygbpr buxcb.odvtnyddkppp aln qifzaaueaayvdgvgdjkukxv.bonap pkrpihbibe irnc inaxoatqwb bchbqdngwukjjidgldtfeoyvabdicixobpcojakgbccj.jqitxtcakvgalkolngfo.bi idbby fsdrenitfowfu plewozg mje bcprnvdbm pzg mbamtynkzatg hgsfrd.iabgcygk
gen: 19 fit: -256 chromo: kbvkdknahabnmbkeaewp.krpvbwiqrpduyxbibfxtibqps.bswzimpumyobw. kvyxpbdyfzprybupsxlktbqniahingn alf safzaqveva udgrgkpkv dv.bmmapyo rcihbbge irpb ibadoatqabkachjucfcwuij icgkdxbacufbvhaclkxvncocacebccjljaktxtcykvgelpa.bcfl.cicmdbbl fsrfenitfkwfe .jucpze ije fdofjvoqm lzgyafujt nkzuda lhthrxleibecic.
gen: 20 fit: -255 chromo: c.tkdkjfhczndykuueupzlapjpcaqrllqqxrlrvdbmtvlciryuzycpqexgawtd v.xnbtydacr nudcvlodd.jbcdippp ahfcqcnbaquuuuzuzgvgconvkdv.bgm osoorpihdadeyarpd incdmatqcb awhjusngwukbaygu.dxbeoqbavdicmbhvjsonbbmaacfpiaktvtcyovcoklmlfgfk.dkcihbfz fscrumltfluni wjnwnth eje jdmenvjjy bzgyaeajtynkbadf hgtfrxleaaodyui
gen: 21 fit: -254 chromo: krvcdifrhbbncdkeaeup.laozbgeaqpluzxrkqvvbixulsizswz.kpugbggwd kvbxmbtzdbpr buxcd.odbdjzchihpn alf qcfnaqueaa.qdgvghjkuqxv.bmncp ocrkifdide irncobnacoytqub bwhjudngwukbjidglbvbeo vavdicjagvdccnabeaccbliaitrtwaivga lolfgfp.ci idbri fscbunktfpwnu d.ncpth eje ncnrnvcbmcpzh mcmjtynkzatf hgyfadleaaocywy
gen: 22 fit: -252 chromo: krrkdinvhazn xkfqfupdkaobdobarpduqxriqvxrjbupcibywzympugqgawpclv xpztjdaoranupcd.jrvanychinpf alh qkbjaqxeay uzgbgclku xv.bmmco oorcihdiae irmckabawmatqud awhjucnswukj.acg drbecyfabdacetwfnconadmbccbljaktxtwikvgu dmlncfo.oicicfv  fsabunktfkwha djmcprh aje ncmrjxfbm pzg mfant nkzate lgthrdleybmcia.
gen: 23 fit: -252 chromo: cttkd jfhcznbykvqexpzkapjpcaqrpluqxrzivxbjsupciryuzyepaebgawpd bzxnbtyczdv nudcblodd.jzchippdyadfsqafzaquuuazuzgvgcomvkxv.bmmyp okrpihdase arpdkinccmatqwb bwhbusngwukbzyhg dxfeoaravdicnbovjsofbbmaacbpiaitvtcyovca.lolngfl. kcipbri fsdfumktflunq wjnwp.h aje fcmfnvkia fzg aaajtynkbadb dgtvrxleaaociei
gen: 24 fit: -250 chromo: ktradinrhaznctkbqeupdlaobdozarpluzxriqvvrjvqlcijqwzyopqgygewp lv.xpztjhzoranuxcd.jtvcnichinpf alh qkbzaaveuy.uzgrgdlku xv.bmmcc oorcihdibe irmc anadmatqwd awhjucn cukj.idg.dvveoyfybdacisovnconalgbcabpbaktxtwykvsu dmlncfl.cicidbvc fsabunitfpwpa dzndprh cje ncmrjvcbm dzg mbbmtynkbate lgtfrdleaaoc ak
gen: 25 fit: -249 chromo: krrkcijvhabncdifqeupzkaozcobarpluqxbirvxbidupcjb wzzkpugrgawpolvyvnztjdygvybuhsb.jtbcnzchinpn alh qifyabveaa vbgbgdlku xv.bmnco okrdmhdabe irnc abawmatqwdkbwhjqcmwwukjlacgkdtnecyfabdacmxwvdconbcmbccjpiakthtwykugaklmkncfltmkcidark fsabenitfksfe djmcprg eje ncmrjvbri pzg meuptynkzate pgthrdleabocyu.
gen: 26 fit: -247 chromo: cztka nnhazn dkfqeuo.laofdcaqrplvzxbirvdbjbupcir wyykpegbgqwldkvyxpztidaorabupcx.ktbynzchinpf adf qifjaqweaa.ubgrgcoiu xv.bmmcosocrcihdabe irndkabawmatqab awhjucnwwukj.ycg dtzecafabdicatpvp obabmbccbljaktvtwiovcckdolngfo. lcidffi fscrunktfkuha wjewprh aje f.mrjxjja nzg aeajt nkzatf lcshrdleaaccia.
gen: 27 fit: -247 chromo: gbrca zfhazn ykeueup.lapsbcuqbplurxriqvxbmxepciqyqzykpuuxgiwfolv.xnztycjcr budcd.odv jbcdipop adf skljaqveuazubgqgdhiucxvzbgmcm pcrwihdaaeyarnc jnawoatqub bwtjusngwukbiqdg dtneoqravhicpdcvlsojbamacclpiektftuyovca lolngvl.mkpidbr  fscbunjtfjuhe cjngnth aje jdobjubra jzh mhujtynkbatd lhqfrxleaaocyqi
gen: 28 fit: -245 chromo: kzrkbynvhazn rkvqeup.kaobbwbarpduqxrirvdrjbupcidywzyipqgaoswld v xpztzdmorabudcxtitvanydhknpn adh q fzaqgeuazubgrgcokukxv.boncp oorcihdaie armd anacmatqad awhjucbwwukj qcg drjecafabdacmtwvp ofqbmbacnljaktvqwikvcu dolngfo.p ciofvi fsabunitfkwfy djawprg aje fcmrjxnba dzg mfuntyjkzate lctfrdlmaaocyqk
gen: 29 fit: -245 chromo: crrkcyjvhazndbifqeup.laobcsraqplurxriyvxrixepcjb wzzkpugsgawnolvyvnztydycr budcdlitbwnnchipop adh q hyaaveuazubgbgdciu xv.bmncp okrcmhbaae irnc abawoatqadkbwhjqcmwwukjaqcgkdtnecabavhacmxwvpsonbamaacjpiaktxtwikuga lmlngfl.mkcidary fscrenitfkshe djmoptg eje ncmrjxbrm zzg meultynkzate phthrxleaaocyu.
gen: 30 fit: -244 chromo: otvcd frhabncykfuevpzlaptncjqbplvqvriqvvrixrlcjryvzyenagbgewpdlv.xpztzdzdr buxcddprbdnichinpf alf qybbaaveua ubgvgckku xfzbmmcxsooreihdiqe armdkanwcmytqwb axhnqcmgwukj qdg dxvecyravdicmtgv.tofakmbacppiektvtwykvcu dolfcfl..kcidbvy fsbbunltfluna wzmonth cje ndmvjuira hzg mhantynkbatc phthrdlaaaocyay
gen: 31 fit: -243 chromo: cbrkb jfhazn bieueup.kapjb uqrplurvbiqvxbixupciqyuzykpgedgewl.kv.vnztidycr nupcd.oddajadhinop adf qkfzaaveua.udgqgdoiu xv.bomcp okrwihbaae irnc jnacoatqwb bwxjusnwwukbiqdg dtzecyfavdicctcvl ofabmbccbliaktftwyovcaklokncvp.mlpidbvi fscrunktfluhe wjngnth aje n.objujba nzg mhuot nkzatf lgrhrdleaaocia.
gen: 32 fit: -242 chromo: grrcc nfhazn akfueupdlap dcbarpluqxbirvxribepcirqazyipuwugiwxojv.xnztzdmcr nuxcd.otvcjachinoh ahh q nyaaveuazuzgrgdliv xv.bomco okrcihcabeyarmc jbaxmatqub bwxbqsmwwukb aggkdtbecyryvhicjswvpsonadmbccdliaitvtuikuce lolfgfp.okoidbr  fsdbunitfpupi djnhptg aje ndmvjwczm pzg mhuntynkbatf lhrfrdleabocye
gen: 33 fit: -237 chromo: k.rkdinrhazn zkfqeupzkaond bqboluqvriqxdridelcijywziopagqgrwlckv.xnzdjdborynuxsddmtvbnzphinpn adh qyjzaaweuy ubgagcokv xv.bgncm oorcihdaae irodkanacoatqad awtjucmwwukb.icg.dvfecqvabdicilgvdkobjbmaacfpiaktfdwykuce dolngfp.p cihbb  fscrunitfkwfe xjmcnth aje n mrjxnra dzgymhantankbade pgthrdlaybocia.
gen: 34 fit: -237 chromo: k.rkdinrhazn zkfqeupzkaond bqboluqvriqxdridelcijywziopagqgrwlckv.xnzdjdborynuxsddmtvbnzphinpn adh qyjzaaweuy ubgagcokv xv.bgncm oorcihdaae irodkanacoatqad awtjucmwwukb.icg.dvfecqvabdicilgvdkobjbmaacfpiaktfdwykuce dolngfp.p cifbb  fscrunitfkwfe xjmcnth aje n mrjxnra dzgymhantankbade pwthrdlaybocia.
gen: 35 fit: -237 chromo: cttkd.frhazn skbueup.kapbdoaqbplvqvbirvvrixulcjr szymnegrgqwlp.v.xnzdydbcv budcd.pdx jzchinpn adh qybzaaveua ubgrgcoku xv.beeco okrgihdaae armc anacmatqwdcawhnusnwwukj adg dtbecyfabdicmtwvl ojbjmbacnliaktxtwykvce dokfgvk.okdidbfz fscbunitf whu wjmopth cje ndmbjwizi fzgymhajtynkzatf pbthrdleaaocia.
gen: 36 fit: -237 chromo: o.rkd nrhazn  kfqeupzkaobp bqboluqxriqvdridulcijywziopqgygrwlckv.xnzdzdbor nuxsdditvanzphinpn adfsqyjzaaeeuayubgagcokvsxv.bgnce oorcihdaie arodkanacoytqab awdjucnwwukb.ycg.dvfecavabdicmlwvdkobjbmaccppiaktfbwikuce dolngfp.l ciebf  fsarunktfkwfu xjicnth aje n mrjxnra dzg mhantankzade pwthrblaybocial
gen: 37 fit: -237 chromo: krrkdjnvhazn tkfuevo.kadjdkyqrplvrxbirvxrmtelcjr sziipegrgqwjplv.xnzdzdaovabuxsd.ltx nbchinpn adh qyfzaqxeuy ubgqgcoiu xv.beecp oorcihcaae armc abacmatqwd awxjwcnwwukj acg dtbecafabdicmtwv. onbjmbacbpiaktxtwikvce dokfgfk. kcidbr. fsabunitf wha cjmcdth aje n.mrjwmji fzgymgantynkzatf pathrdlaaaocia.
gen: 38 fit: -235 chromo: ctrkb pzhazn tkfuevp.lap.bcaqrplurxryqvdritvpcij wzimpagwgaw.clv.xnydjdnor nuhcdditvanadhinpv adh qsfbaaxeua ubgbgcokv xf.bmnco oormihdaae arnc anacmatqad awdnusbwwukj.qdg dvbeoyfabhicolwvlsofbdmbccfpiektvtwilvcc dolncvp.kldihbb  fscbunitfkufa djnonrh gje ncmbjwiba dzh mhantynkbate pgtfrdlfaaocka.
gen: 39 fit: -234 chromo: crrkd nfhazn .kuuewpzlaobbcaarplqzxrirvdrmhepcjrywzyopagqobwzdlv xpztidbor nudsddktvmnydhinpf adh qkfzaaveua ubgaggokv xv.bgnco oorwjhdaie armd jnaxmatqub awxjwsmwwukjyrcg dtbecafavhico.wvlkofydmaccfpjektvdcykucm dolngfp.kkcihbv  fscrunktfowfa wjicprh aje jdmrjxmba azg mhamtynkbatm pgrfrdleyaocka.
gen: 40 fit: -234 chromo: crrkd nfhazn .kuuewpzlaobbcaarplqzxrirvdrmhepcjrywzyopagqobwzdlv xpztidbor nudsddktvmnydhinpf adh qkfzaaveua ubgaggokv xv.bgnco oorwjhdaie armd jnaxmatqub awxjwsmwwukjyrcg dtbecafavhico.wvlkofydmaccfpjektvdcykucm dolngfp.kkcihbv  fscrunktfowfa wjicprh aje jdmrjxmba azg mhamtynkbatm pgrfrdleyaocka.
gen: 41 fit: -232 chromo: cttkd nzhczn tkfqevp.lapbbsdqrpluqvryqvxbixfpcij wziipagweqw.c.v.xnydydnor nuhsdditvanydpinpb adh qsnbuaxea yubgbgcokvkxv.bmnco oormihdake irmc anacmatqad awhnwcbgwukj.qhg drbecyvabdico.gv.sofbbmbccfpiektvswikucc dolncfp.p cihbb  fscbunjtfkupa xjnonzh eje ncmrjwjrm pzh mhantynkbate ngthrbleabockez
gen: 42 fit: -232 chromo: ctvkd nrhcyn rkvqewo.kapadctarpluqxriqvxrivelcjbywzyjpagagawho v.xnztydyoranuxcd.ktxanydhinpn adh q dzaqxeac uzgvgcoiu xv.bmnom oorcihdaie armd amawmytqab awhjwcmscukj rcg drbecyfabdicmtwvp obqbmakcfpiektvdwikvcu dolfgfp.okcihbf  fscfenltfkuna xjmonth eje f.mrjwjba hzgymgajtynkbate netfrdleaaociay
gen: 43 fit: -231 chromo: cttkd pzhazn tkvuevpzlaptb yqrpluqvriqvdrjtfpcir uzymnegtoqw.olv.xpzdidbor nuhcddndxajychinpb adh qkfbaaxeuyyubgbgckkusxf.bonco oormihdace armc anacmatqad awhnwcbswukj.qhg drbecyfabdicodgvlcofzdmaccfpiektvtwyouce dolfcfo. kcihbb  fscbunitfkuna cjmonth aje ncmrjubra dzh mhajtynkbatb bctfrbleaaockez
gen: 44 fit: -225 chromo: strkd nrxazn tkfueuo.kanzx bqrpluqwrirvbrirfpcjr uzyinmgqoawld v.xfzdjdbcr nudcdlktxajydhinpv adh qsfbaaveua ubgbgcoku xf.bgnco okreihdaae armc anacmatqab awhjusnswukj qdo drbecavavdicm.wv.conbbmbccfliektvtwykvcm dolfgfp.okcidbf kfscbunitf sfu xjmoprh gje jcmrjxjra njg mhajtynkbate ndthrcleaaockq.
gen: 45 fit: -225 chromo: strkd nrxazn tkfueuo.kanzx bqrpluqwrirvbrirfpcjr uzyinmgqoawld v.xfzdjdbcr nudcdlktxajydhinpv adh qsfbaaveua ubgbgcoku xf.bgnco okreihdaae armc anacmatqab awhjusnswukj qdo drbecavavdicm.wv.conbbmbccfliektvtwykvcm dolfgfp.okcidbf kfscbunitf sfu xjmoprh gje jcmrjxjra njg mhajtynkbate ndthrcleaaockq.
gen: 46 fit: -225 chromo: strkd nrxazn tkfueuo.kanzx bqrpluqwrirvbrirfpcjr uzyinmgqoawld v.xfzdjdbcr nudcdlktxajydhinpv adh qsfbaaveua ubgbgcoku xf.bgnco okreihdaae armc anacmatqab awhjusnswukj qdo drbecavavdicm.wv.conbbmbccfliektvtwykvcm dolfgfp.okcidbf kfscbunitf sfu xjmoprh gje jcmrjxjra njg mhajtynkbate ndthrcleaaockq.
gen: 47 fit: -224 chromo: strkd nrhazn tkeuevo.kanzx bqrpluqwrirvbrirvpcjr uzyjnmgqoawld v.xfzdidzcr nudcdlktxajydhinpv adh qsfbaaveua ubgbgcoku xf.bgn m okreihdaae armc anacmatqab awhjusnswukj qdg drbecavabdicm.wv. onbbmbccfpieitxtwyovce dolfgfo.pkdidbf kfscbunitf sfu xjmopth gje bcmrjxiry njg mhajtynkbate ndthrdleaaocka.
gen: 48 fit: -224 chromo: strkd nrhazn tkeuevo.kanzx bqrpluqwrirvbrirvpcjr uzyjnmgqoawld v.xfzdidzcr nudcdlktxajydhinpv adh qsfbaaveua ubgbgcoku xf.bgn m okreihdaae armc anacmatqab awhjusnswukj qdg drbecavabdicm.wv. onbbmbccfpiemtxtwyovce dolfgfo.pkdidbf kfscbunitf sfu xjmopth gje bcmrjxiry njg mhajtynkbate ndthrdleaaocka.
gen: 49 fit: -224 chromo: gtrkd.nrhazn tkbqeupzkamrb bqbplurwrirvbbjrfpcjr wzyineesgrw.plv.xhzdldaor buxcd.ntvznzdpinpv adh q fzaaxeusyubgagcoku xv.bgnco oormihdake irmc anacmatqab awhjucbswukj rdo dtbecyfavdicelwv. onrbmaccfpiektvxsyouce dolncvp.kkcihbv kfsdbunktf ufu wjnopth gje ndmrjwmbi pjh mhajtynkzata pdthrblemaocke.
gen: 50 fit: -221 chromo: kxtkb nrhazn tkfqevpzlapdb aaapluqxriqvxritflcirywzyinmgueqwld v.xpztjdaor nudcd.itxanychinpb ahh qcfbmaxeuy ubgbgcoku pvzbonmo oormmhdace armc anawmatqad awxjwsmgcukj qdg dxbecyvavdicm.gvd ojblmbacfpiektvawyouce dolfcfo. kdigbf  fscbvnktf una cjnonth gje jcmrjwbry dzg mhantynibatf ngtfraleabocka.
gen: 51 fit: -221 chromo: ctrkd nrhazn tkfqeupzlcmbb bqrplurwrirvdbjrfpcjr wzyjnmgsgbw.olv.xfzdidaor nupcddntvyjydpinpv adh qinzaaxeauyubgagcokv dv.benco ooteihdake armc abacmatqab awhjusbswukj rdgkdtbecafavdicmlwv. onqbmbccfdiektvtwyovce dolncvp.kkcihbb kfsdbunktf uha wjnonth gje ndmrjwmbi pjh mhajtynkzata nhthrblemaocke.
gen: 52 fit: -219 chromo: kxtkd nbhazn tkfqeupzlaodb badplurxriqvxbitelcir szyinmgreqwlp v.xpztzdaor nuhcd.itvanychinpb alh qafbmaxeva ubgagcokv xv.bonom ooramhdake armc anawmatqadcawxnusngcukb qdg dxbecyvavdicm gvd ojblmbccfpiektvfsyouce dolfcfo.  cihbe  fscbunltf una wjmomsh gje ncmrjgbry bzg mhantynibate nctfbbleabmcka.
gen: 53 fit: -219 chromo: kxtkd nbhazn tkfqeupzlaodb badplurxriqvxbitelcir szyinmgreqwlp v.xpztzdaor nuhcd.itvanychinpb alh qafbmaxeva ubgagcokv xv.bonom ooramhdake armc anawmatqadcawxnusngcukb qdg dxbecyvavdicm gvd ojblmbccfpiektvfsyouce dolfcfo.  cihbe  fscbunltf una wjmomsh gje ncmrjgbry bzg mhantynibate nctfbbleabmcka.
gen: 54 fit: -218 chromo:  xtkd nrxazn tkfqeupzlambb badplurxrirvdritelcjb wzyinmgrerw.p v.xnztzdaor nuxsdtitvajydhinpv adh qafbaaxeua ubgbgcokv xv.bgnom ooremhdake armc anawmatqad awxjusaccukb.rdg drbecyvavdicm gv. ojajmbccf.iektvtsyouce dolfcfo.  cihbf  fscbunltf wpa wjmonth gje ncmrigary bzg mhantynizate nctfrbleaaecka.
gen: 55 fit: -218 chromo: ctrod nrhazn tkrqeup.lamzb babplurwrirvxritepcir wzyjnigteau.pkv.xnztidaor nuxsddmtx nydhinpv adh qknbaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgnco ooremhcake armc anacmatqab awfjusbscukj qdg dtbecyfavdicm.wvdconrdmbicfdiektvdwykvcg dolfgfp.o dihbv kfsdbunktf sha djeoprh gje ndmrjxmra nzg nhantynkzata ngtfraleaaocke.
gen: 56 fit: -216 chromo: sxrkd nrxazn tkfqeup.lcnvb bqbpluqvrirvxbjrepcir wzyjnigqgrw.p v.xfzdidbcr nupcdtotvynz.hinpv alh qcfzcaxeaa ubgagcoku dv.bmnco okrmihtake armc abawmytqab awhjwsbcwukj qdgldxbecyfabdicmtgvd onrjmbacfdiektvdsyovce dolngfo.  bicbf kfsdbvnjtf ufu wjnoprh gje n mrzwmfi pjh mhajtynkvate pcthrcleabocke.
gen: 57 fit: -216 chromo: sxrkd nrxazn tkfqeup.lcnvb bqbpluqvrirvxbjrepcir wzyjnigqgrw.p v.xfzdidbcr nupcdtotvynz.hinpv alh qcfzcaxeaa ubgagcoku dv.bmnco okrmihtake armd abawmytqab awhjwsbcwukj qdgldxbecyfabdicmtgvd onrjmbacfdiektvds ovce colngfo.  bicbf kfsdbvnjtf ufu wjnoprh gje n mrzwmfi pjh mhajtynkvate pcthrcleabocke.
gen: 58 fit: -216 chromo: strkd nbxazn tkfqeup.lcmbb bqbplurvrirvxbjrepcir szyjnigqerwpp v.xfzdjdbcr buxkdtmthynz.pinnv alh a fzaaxeua ubgagcoku dv.bgnkm ootcihtake armc anawmytqab awhjucnswukj rdgkdtbecyvabdicm.gvx ofrjmbccfpiektvtsyovce dolncfo.  cigbf kfscbunltf ufu wjnoptg gje n mrjwjri pzh mhajtynkrate pdthraleebocke.
gen: 59 fit: -214 chromo: strkd nrxazn tkfqeup.lcmbb bqbplurvrirvxbjrepcir szyjnigqerwpp v.xezdidbcr buxkdtmtfynz.pinnv alh asfzaaxeuu ubgagcoku dv.ben m ootcihtake armc anawmytqab awhjusncwukj qdgkdtbecyvabdicm.wvd ofrjmbccfpiektvdsyovce dopncfo.  digbf kfscbunltf ufu wjnoprh gje n mrzwibi pjh mhajtynkrata phthralembocke.
gen: 60 fit: -214 chromo: sxtkd nrhazn tkfqeup.lanbb bqbpluqxrirvxbitepcir wzyinmgqersld v.xnztidbcr nupcddotvany.hinpb alh aanzaaveua ubgagcokv dv.bmnom okrmmhtake armc abaweatqab awhjucbgcukj rdgldxbe yfcvdicmlwvl ofbjmbccfdiektvdsyouce dolncvo.  ditbf  fsdbvnjtf wfu wjnopth gje jcmrjgmfm pzg mhajtynkrate nhtfrbleaamcke.
gen: 61 fit: -213 chromo: kxdkd nrhazn tkfuespzlcnbb bqdpluqxjirvcrjrelcib wzyinmgqerw.d v.xfzdjdacr nudcdlntvanychinpv add qkfbuaxeawyubgagcokv dv.bgnco oormihtake armc abaceatqad awhjusbswekb qdg dqbewyvavdicm wvd ojijmaccfdiektvxs ovce dolncfo.  cixbb kfscbvnltf upe wjmonth gje ncmrzxjbm bzg mhajtynkbata ndterblmmbocke.
gen: 62 fit: -212 chromo:  trkd nrxazn tkfqeup.lcmbv nqbplurvrirvdrjtepcir szyjnmgqerwpd v.xezdjdbcr buxkxtntfanz.hinnv ald asfzaaxeuq ubgagcoku dv.ben m oktmihdake armc anawmytqab awhjusnswukb qdgkdtbeoyvavdicm.urd ofrjmbkcfdiektvdsyouce do nkfo.  cigbf kfscbunltf ufe wjncprh gje ncmrzwibi pjo ihajtynkratb nhthrcleabocke.
gen: 63 fit: -211 chromo: cxrkd nrhazn tkbqeupzkcnbb bqbplurvzirvdbjtepcjr szyjnigqerwpp v.xfzdzdbcr nudcxtmtvyjz pinpv add acnbcaxeaa ubgagcoku dv.bmnco okrmihtake armw abawmatqab.awhnwsnswukj qhgldtbecyvavdicmdgvd onqlmbacfdie tvdsyovce do.ncfo.  cigbf  fsdbvnltf ufe xjnonrg gje ndmrjxeri djg mhyjtynkrate pdthraleabocke.
gen: 64 fit: -210 chromo: kxbkd nrhazn tkfreqpzlcnxb bqbpluquzirvtritepcjr szyjnmgterw.d v.xfzdydbcr nudcdtntvynz hinpv ald akfbuaxeaa ubgagcokv xf.bgnco okrmihtake armc abacmytqab awhjwsfccukb qdg.drbe yvavdicmcwvd onrlmbccfdiektvssyovce dokncfo.  cihbb kfscbunjtf uhe wjmonqh gje ndmrzxabi bzg mhyjtynkzate ndtgrbleabocke.
gen: 65 fit: -210 chromo: kxbkd nrhazn tkfreqpjlcnxb bqbpluquzirvtritepcjr szyjnmgterw.d v.xfzdydbcr nudcdtntvynz hinpv ald akfbuaxeaa ubgagcokv xf.bgnco okrmihtake armc abacmytqab awhjwsfccukb qdg.drbe yvavdicmcwvd onrlmbccfdiektvssyovce dokncfo.  cihbb kfscbunjtf uhe wjmonqh gje ndmrzxabi bzg mhyjtynkzate ndtgrbleabocke.
gen: 66 fit: -207 chromo:  tdkd nrhazn tkfqeup.lambv bqrplurvritvcrjrelcir szyjnmgrerwlp v.xmzdjdaor buhcdtmtvyny hinpv alh acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgnco okqemhtake armd anaweytqadcawhjwsncwukbtrdg dwbe yvavdicm wvx ojrjmbicfdie tvdsykxcg doknofo.  dihbf kfscbvnltf sfu wjnonrh gje ncmrjxmbm pzg mhajtynkrata ndthrcleaaocka.
gen: 67 fit: -207 chromo:  tdkd nrhazn tkfqeup.lambv bqrplurvritvcrjrelcir szyjnmgrerwlp v.xmzdjdaor buhcdtmtvyny hinpv alh acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgnco okqemhtake armd anaweytqadcawhjwsncwukbtrdg dwbe yvavdicm wvx ojrjmbicfdie tvdsykxcg doknofo.  dihbf kfscbvnltf sfu wjnonrh gje ncmrjxmbm pzg mhajtynkrata ndthrcleaaocka.
gen: 68 fit: -207 chromo:  tdkd nrhazn tkfqeup.lambv bqrplurvritvcrjrelcir szyjnmgrerwlp v.xmzdjdaor buhcdtmtvyny hinpv alh acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgnco ooqemhtake armd anaweytqadcawhjwsncwukbtrdg dwbe yvavdicm wux ojrjmbicfdie tvdsykxcg doknofo.  dihbf kfscbvnltf sfu wjnonrh gje ncmrjxmbm pzg mhajtynkrata ndthrcleaaocka.
gen: 69 fit: -207 chromo:  tdkd nrhazn tkfqeup.lambv bqrplurvritvcrjrelcir  zyjnmgrerwlp v.xmzdjdaor buhcdtmtvyny hinpv alh acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgnco okqemhtake armd anaweytqadcawhjwsncwukbtrdg dwbe yfavdicm wvx ojrjmbicfdie tvdsykxcg doknofo.  dihbf kfscbvnltf sfu wjnonrh gje ncmrjxmbm pzg mhajtynkrasa ndthrcleaaocka.
gen: 70 fit: -206 chromo:  xtkd nrhazn tkbqewpzkamzb bqaplurvrirv.bitelcir wzyjnmg.erw.d v.xfzdzdacr nuhcdlixvanzdhinpv ald akfzuaxeay ubgagsoku xv.bgn o okrmihtake armc anawfytqad awxjwsbswukb qdgkdxbe yvavdidn gqd ojyjmbkcfdiektvdsykece dolnefo. kcicbf  fscbunltf wnu wjmonqh gje n mrzxibi pzg mhajtynkvata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 71 fit: -205 chromo:  ttkd nrhazn tkfqeup.lambb bqqplurvritvdbjrepcir szyjnmgrerwlp v.xmzdzdaor budcdtntvyny.hinnv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgn o ooqemhtake armc anawmytqad awhjusncwukb sdgkdwbe yvavdicm gvx onrjadicfdie tvfsyovcg doknofo.  dixbf kfscbvnjtf sfu wjnonqh gje ndmrnxibm pzg mhajtynkrata ndthrclmaaocke.
gen: 72 fit: -205 chromo:  tdkd nrhazn tkfqeup.lambv bqrplurvritvcrjrelcir szyjnmgrerwlp v.xmzbzdaor buxcdtmtvyny hinnv ald acfzmaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgnco ooqemhtake armc anawmytqadcawhjwsncwukb sdg dwbe yvavdicm gvx onrjadicfdie tvbsykxcg doknofo.  dihbf kfscbvnltf sfu wjncnrh gje ncmrjxmbm pzg mhajtynkrata ndthrclmaaocke.
gen: 73 fit: -204 chromo:  tdkd nrhazn tkbqeqp.landb bqaplurvritvdbjrepciv szyjnmgqergld v.xmzdydacr budcdtltvynz.hinpv ald asfbaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgn o ooteihtake armc anawmytqad awhjwsncwuka sdekdwbe yvavdicn gvd onrjmbicfdie tvdsykvce doknofo. koixbf kfscbvnltf sfu wjnonqh gje ncmrnxibm pzg mhajtynkrata ndthraleabocke.
gen: 74 fit: -204 chromo:  ttkd nrhazn tkbqeupzlanbb bqaplurxritv.rjrepcir szyjnmgrerwlp v.xmzdzdaor nuhcdtntvynz.hknpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgnco okqemhtake armc anawmatqad awhjusbcwukb rdckdwbe yvabdicm wvd onqjmdicfdie tvds kucg dolnofo.  bigbf kfscbunjtf sfu wjnonqh gje ncmrnxmbm pzg mhajtynkrata ndthralmaaocke.
gen: 75 fit: -203 chromo:  xtkd nrhazn tkbqeupzlamzv bqdpluqxbirv.ritelcir szyjnegzerw.d v.xnzdzdmcr nuxcddjxvanz.hinpv ald qkfzabxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgncm ocrmmhtake armc abawnytqab awhjwsbswukb qtgkdtbe yvabdicm gvd onyjaficfdie tvds kece dolnmfo. kcitbf  bscbunktf snw wjmonqh gje ncmrjxibi pzg mhajtynkvata ndtfralembocke.
gen: 76 fit: -203 chromo:  xtkd nrhazn tkbqeupzlambb bqrpluqvbitv.rirelcir szyjnmgzerw.d v.xnzdzdacr budcddnxvyny.hinpv ald qcfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgncm okqmmhtake armc abawmytqah awhjwsbswukb stgkdsbe yvabdicm gvd onrjafi fdie tvbs oecg doknofo.  ditbf  fscbvnltf sfw wjnonqh gje ncmrjxibm pzg mhajtynkvata ndthrclmaaocke.
gen: 77 fit: -202 chromo:  xtkd nrhazn tkbqeupzlamzv bqdplurvbirv rixelcir wzyjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxcdlnxvanzdhinpv ald acfzabxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgnco ogrmmhtake armc anawnatqad awhjwsbswukb sdgkdxbe yvabdicm gvx ojzjabicfdie tvds kecg dolnofo. kcihbf kfscbunltf snu wjnonqh gje ndmrjxiri pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfralmubocke.
gen: 78 fit: -200 chromo: sttkd nrhazn tkbqeupzlambv bqsplurvbitv bjxelcmr wzyjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdaor buxcd.nxvany.hinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgn o ooqemhtake armc anawnytqad awxjusbswukb sdg dxbe yvabdicm gvd ojrjabicfdie tvdsykecg doknofo. kdigbf kfscbupjtf snu wjnonqd gje ndmrjxiri pzg mhajtynkzata ndtfralmabocke.
gen: 79 fit: -200 chromo: sttkd nrhazn tkbqeupzlambv bqsplurvbitv bjxelcmr wzyjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdaor buxcd.nxvany.hinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgn o ooqemhtake armc anawnytqad awxjusbswukb sdg dxbe yvabdicm gvd ojrjabicfdie tvdsykecg doknofo. kdigbf kfscbupjtf snu wjnonqd gje ndmrjxiri pzg mhajtynkzata ndtfralmabocke.
gen: 80 fit: -200 chromo: sttkd nrhazn tkbqeupzlambv bqsplurvbitv bjxelcmr wzyjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdaor buxcd.nxvany.hinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgn o ooqemhtake armc anawnytqad awxjusbswukb sdg dxbe yvabdicm gvd ojrjabicfdie tvdsykecg doknofo. kdigbf kfscbupjtf snu wjnonqd gje jdmrjxiri pzg mhajtynkzata ndtfralmabocke.
gen: 81 fit: -199 chromo: strkd nrhazn tkbqeupzlambv bqcplurvbitv.rjtekcmr szyjnmgrerwlp v.xezdzdaov nuxcdtntvyny.hinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgncm ooqemhtake armc anawnytrad awhjusnswukbtsdg dxbe yvabdicm grd ojqjaficfdie tvdsykecg dolnofo. kdigbf kfscbupltf sfu wjnonqh gje ndmrjxiri pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 82 fit: -199 chromo: strkd nrhazn tkbqeupzlambv bqcplurvbitv.rjtekcmr szyjnmgrerwlp v.xezdzdaov nuxcdtntvyny.hinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgncm ooqemhtake armc anawnytrad awhjusnswukbtsdg dxbe yvabdicm grd ojqjaficfdie tvdsykecg dolnofo. kdigbf kfscbupltf sfu wjnonqh gje ndmrjxiri pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 83 fit: -199 chromo: strkd nrhazn tkbqeupzlambv bqcplurvbitv.rjtekcmr szyjnmgrerwlp v.xezdzdaov nuxcdtntvyny.hinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgncm ooqemhtake armc anawnytrad awhjusnswukbtsdg dxbe yvabdicm grd ojqjaficfdie tvdsykecg dolnofo. kdigbf kfscbupltf sfu wjnonqh gje ndmrjxiri pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 84 fit: -199 chromo: sxtkd nrhazn tkfqeup.lambb bqsplurvritv.rixelcir wzyjnmgyerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxcd.pxvanzdhinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bhn o ooqemhtake armc anawnytqad awxjwsbswukb sdgkdxbe yvabdicm gvd ojrjabicfdie tvdsykqcg doknofo. kcigbf kfscbupjtf seu wjnonqh gje ndmrjxire pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfralmubocke.
gen: 85 fit: -198 chromo:  xtkd nrhazn tofqeup.lambv busplurvrirvdrjvelcir wzyjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdjdaor nuxcdtntvynzdhinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bhncm ooqemhtake armc anawnytqad awxjwsbswukb sdgkdtbe yvabdicm gvd ojqbabicfdie tvdsyoecg doknofo. koigbf kfscbupltf sfu wjnonqh gle ncmrjxire pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfralmubocke.
gen: 86 fit: -198 chromo: sxtkd nrhazn tofqeupzlambv bqcplurvbitv.rjtekcir wzyjnmgrerwlp v.xmzdzdaov nuxcd.ntvyny.hinpv apd acfzaaxea  ubgagcocu xv.bgnco ooremhtake armc anawnytrad awhjwsbswukb.sdg dtbe yvabdicm grd ojrjabicfdie .vdsykecg dolnofo. kdigbf kfscbepltf sfu wjnonqd gje ndmrjxiri pzg mhantynkrata ndtfralmabocke.
gen: 87 fit: -198 chromo: sxtkd nrhazn tofqeupzlambv bvcpdurvritv.rjrekcir wzyjnmgzerwlp v.xezdzdaor buxcd.nxvynzdhinpv ald acfzybxea  ubgagcoku xv.bhnco ooqemhtake armc anawnatqad awhjwsbswukatsdg dxbe yvabdicm gvd ojqbmficfdie tvhsckucg dolnofk. koihbf kfscbupjtf sfu wjnonqh gje ndmrjxire pzg mhantynlrata ndtfralmabocke.
gen: 88 fit: -198 chromo:  trkd nrhazn tofyeup.lamnv bqcplurvritv rjtekcmr szyjnagzerwlp v.xezdzdacv nuxcd.nxvany.hinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgnoo ooqemhtake armc anawnytqah awhjusbcwukbssdgkdxbe yvabdicm gvd ojrjabicfdie tvdsykecg dokmofo. kpihbf ofscbupltf snu wjncnqd gje ncmrjxiri pzg mhajtqnkzata ndtfralmabocke.
gen: 89 fit: -197 chromo: sttkd nrhazn tkfueup.lamnv bucplurvrirv.rjxelcmr wzyjnmwzerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxcdtltvanydhinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bhnko ooqemhtake armc anawnytqad awxjusbcwukb sdgkdxbe yvabdicm gvd ojrjaficfdie tvdsyoecg dolmofo. kcigbf kfssbupltf seu wjnonqh gje ndmrjxire pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfralmubocke.
gen: 90 fit: -195 chromo: sttkd nrhazn tobueup.lamnv busplurvbitv.rjxelcmr tryjnmwzerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxcdtltvany.hinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bwn o ooqemhtake armc anawnytqad awhjwsbcwuka sdg dxbe yvabdicm gvd onqjaficfdie tvhsyoecg colmofo. kcigbf kfssbupltf sfu wjnonsh gje ndmrjxire pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 91 fit: -195 chromo: sttkd nrhazn tobueup.lamnv busplurvbitv.rjxelcmr tryjnmwzerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxcdtltvany.hinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bwn o ooqemhtake armc anawnytqad awhjwsbcwuka sdg dxbe yvabdicm gvd onqjaficfdie tvhsyoecg colmofo. kcigbf kfssbupltf sfu wjnonsh gje ndmrjxiqe pzg mhbjtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 92 fit: -195 chromo: sttkd nrhazn tobueup.lamnv busplurvbitv.rjxelcmr tryjnmwzerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxcdtltvany.hinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bwn o ooqemhtake armc anawnytqad awhjwsbcwuka sdg dxbe yvabdicm gvd onqjaficfdie tvhsyoecg colmofo. kcigbf kfssbupltf sfu wjnonsh gje ndmrjxiqe pzg mhbjtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 93 fit: -195 chromo: sxtkd nrhazn tofqeupzlamnv bucplurvritv.bjtekcmr wzyjnagyerwll v.xezdzdyov nuxcdtptvynydhinpv apd acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgncm ooqemhtake armc anawnytqad awxjwsbswukb.sdg dtbe yfabdicm gvd ojrbaficfdie tvdsykecg dokmofo. koihbf kfscbepltf seu wjnonqf gje ndmrjxire pzg mhantynkrata ndtfralmuaocke.
gen: 94 fit: -195 chromo: strkd nrhazn tobueup.lamnv busplurvritv.rjtelcer tryjnmwzerwlp v.xmzdzdaov nuxcdtltvany.hinpv ald acfzaqxea  ubgagcoku xv.bgn o ooqemhtake armc anawnytqad awhjwsbcwuka sdg dtbe yvabdicm gvd onqjabicfdie tvhsyoecg colmofo. kcigbf kfssbupjtf sfu wjnonsh gje ndmrjxiri pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfralmubocke.
gen: 95 fit: -194 chromo: sxxkd nrhazn tofueup.lambv busplurfritv.rjxelcmr sryjnmgrerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxddtnxvanydhinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagcocu xv.bwn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqah awhjusbswuka sdgkdxbe yvabdicm grd ojqjaficfdie tvhsykecg colmofo. koigbf kfscbepltf snu wjnonqd gje ndmrjxire pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 96 fit: -194 chromo:  xxkd nrhazn tobueup.lamnv bucplurvritv.rjxelcmr wzyjnmgzerwll v.xmzdzdaov buxcdtntvanydhinpv ald acfzaaxea  uzgagcoku xv.bcn m ooqeohtake armc anaunytqad awhjusbswuka sdgkdtbe yvabdicm grd ojrjaficfdie tvdsyoecg dokmofo. koigbf kfscbepltf sfu wjnonsd gje ndmrjxire pzg mhantybkzata ndtfralmabocke.
gen: 97 fit: -193 chromo: stxkd nrhazn tobueup.jamnv busplurfbitv.rjxedcmr szyjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxc.tptvanydhinpv apd acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bcn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqad awhjwsbswukb sdgkdxbe yvabdicm gvd onqjabicfdie tvhsykecg dolmofo. koigbf kfssbepltf sau wjnonsd gje ndmrjxiqe pzg mhantynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 98 fit: -193 chromo: stxkd nrhazn tobueup.jamnv busplurfbitv.rjxedcmr szyjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxc.tptvanydhinpv apd acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bcn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqad awhjwsbswukb sdgkdxbe yvabdicm gvd onqjabicfdie tvhsykecg dolmofo. koigbf kfssbepltf sau wjnonsd gje ndmrjxiqe pzg mhantynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 99 fit: -193 chromo: stxkd nrhazn tobueup.jamnv busplurfbitv.rjxedcmr szyjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxc.tptvanydhinpv apd acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bcn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqad awhjwsbswukb sdgkdxbe yvabdicm gvd onqjabicfdie tvhsykecg dolmofo. koigbf kfssbepltf sau wjnonsd gje ndmrjxiqe pzg mhantynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 100 fit: -193 chromo:  ttkd nrhazn tobueupzjamnv busplurvritv.rjxe.cmr tryjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdacv buxc..nxvanydhinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagaoku xv.bwn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqadcawhjwsbswukc sdg dxbe yxabdigm gfd onrbabicfdie tvhsyoecg cokmofo. koigbf kfscbep tf seu wjnonsh gje ndmrjxiqa pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 101 fit: -192 chromo:  ttkd nrhazn tobueupzjamnv busplurvritv.rjhe.cmr tryjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdacv butc..nxvanydhinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagaoku xv.bwn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqadcawhjwsbswukc sdg dxbe yxabdigm gfd onrbabicfdie tvhsyoecg cokmofo. koigbf kfscbep tf seu wjnonsh gje ndmrjxiqa pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 102 fit: -192 chromo:  ttkd nrhazn tobueupzjamnv busplurvritv.rjxetcmr tryjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdacv buxc.tntvanydhinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagaoku xv.bgn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqadcawhjwsbswukd sdgkdxbe yxabdicm gfd gnqbabicfdie tvhsyoecg colmofo. koigbf kfssbep tf seu wjnonsh gje ndmrjxiqa pzg mhantynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 103 fit: -191 chromo: sttkd nrhazn tobueupzjamnv busplurvbitv.rjhelcmr tryjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxcd.ntvany.hinpv apd acfzaaxea  ubgagaokw xv.bgn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqadcawhjwsbswukc.sdg dxbe yxabdigm gvd onrbabicfdie tvhsyoecc colmofo. koigbf kfscbep tf sfv wjnonsh gje ndmrjxmqe pzg mhajtynkrara ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 104 fit: -191 chromo: stxkd nrhazn tobqeup.lamnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcmr tryjnmgzerwlp vdxmzdzdagv buxcdtptvanydhinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagaoku xv.bwn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqad awhjxsbswukc sdgkdtbe yxabdigm gbd onrbabjcfdie tvhsyoecg colmofo. koicbf kfscbep tf sbu wjnonqh gje ndmrjxiqa pzg mhantynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 105 fit: -191 chromo: stxkd nrxazn tobqeup.lamnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcmr tryjnmgzerwlp vdxmzdzdagv buxcdtptvanydhinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagaoku xv.bwn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqad awhjxsbswukc sdgkdtbe yxabdigm gbd onrbabjcfdie tvhsyoecg colmofo. koicbf kfscbep tf sbu wjnonqh gje ndmrjxiqa pzg mhantynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 106 fit: -190 chromo: stxkc nrxazn tobqeupzjamnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcmr tryjnmgzerwlp vdxmzdzdaov buxcdtpxvanydhinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagaoku xv.bwn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqad awhjwsbswuic sdgkdtbe yxabdigm gfd onrbabjcfdie tvhsyoecg colmofo. koicbf kfscbep tf sfu wjnonqh gje ndmrjxiqe pzg mhantynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 107 fit: -189 chromo: sttkb nrhazn tobueunzlamnv busplwrvbitv.rjxetcer tryjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxcdtptvan dhinpv ald acf.aaxea  ubgagcokw xv.bwn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqadcawhjssbswukb sdgkdxbe yxabdigm evd gnqbabicfdie tvhsyoecg colmofo. knigbf kfscbep tf seu wjnopsh gje ndmrjxiqe pzg mhantynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 108 fit: -189 chromo: sttkd nrhazn tobueupzjamnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcmr tryjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdacv buxc..ntvanydhinpv ald acfzaaxea  ubgagaoku xv.bgn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqadcawhjwsbswukc sdg dxbe yxabdigm gfd gnqbaaicfdie tvhsyoecg cokmofo. koigbf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje ndmrjxmqe dzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 109 fit: -189 chromo: sttkd nrhazn tobueup.jamnv busplurvbjtv.rjhetcmr tryjnmgzerwlp f.xmzdzdacv buxc.tpxvan dhinpv apd acf.aaxea  ubgagaoku xv.bgn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqad awxjwsbcwuka sdg dxbe yxabdicm gvd onrbaficfdie tvhsyoecg colmofo. koigbf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje ndmrjxmre pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 110 fit: -189 chromo:  ttkd nrhizn tobueup.jamnv busplurvritv.rjhetcmr tryjnmgzerwlp vdxmzdzdacv buxcd.jxvcnydhinpv apd acfzaaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bwb o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqadcawhjssbcwucc sdg dxbe yxaddigm gfd onqbaajcfdie tvhsyoecg cokmofo. knigbf ifssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje ndmrjxiqe pzg mhajtynkrara ndtfraleabockm.
gen: 111 fit: -188 chromo: sttkd nrhazn tobueunzjamnv busplurvbitv.zjxetcmr trqjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxcdtptvan dhinpv and acf.aaxea  ubgagcoku xv bgn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqadcawxjwsbswuka.sdgkdxbe yxabdigm evd onrbafkcfdie tvhsyoeco colmofo. koiebf kfscbep.tf sau wjnonsh gje ndmrjxiqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleubocke.
gen: 112 fit: -188 chromo: sttkd nrhazn tobueup.lamnv busplwrvbitv.bjxetcer tryjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxc.tptvan dhinpv ald acf.aaxea  ubgagcokw xv.bwn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqadcawhjwsbswukb.sdgkdxbe yxabdigm evd gnqbabicfdie tvhsyoecg colmofo. kpigbf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje ndmrjxiqe pzg mhantynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 113 fit: -187 chromo: sttkb nrhabn tobueupzjamnv busplurvbitv.rjxetcer tryjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxcdtpxvan dhinpv apd acf.aaxea  ubgagaoku xv.bwn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqadcawhjssbswukd sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gnrbabicfdie tvhsyoecg cokmofo. knigbf kfscbep tf sau wjnonsh gje jdmrjxiqecpzg mhantynkrata ndtfraleadocke.
gen: 114 fit: -186 chromo: sttkd nrhazn tobueup.jamnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcmr tryjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxcdtpxvyf dhinpv apd acfzaaxea  ubgagcokw xv.bwn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqadcawhjssbswukc sdg dxbe yxaddigm evd gnzbablcfdie tvhsykeco cokmofo. knigbf kfscbep tf sau wjnonsh gje ndmrjviqe pzg mhantynkrata ndtfraleabockm.
gen: 115 fit: -186 chromo: stxkd nrhazn tobueunzjamnv busplurrbitv.rjhetcer tryjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxcdtntvan dhinpv apd acf.aaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bwn.o opqaohtake armc anawnytqadwawhjwsbswuka.sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd onqbafkcfdie tvhsyoecg colmofo. kpiebf kfssbep tf sau wnnonsh gje ndmrjxiqe pzg mhantynkrara ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 116 fit: -186 chromo: stxkd nrhazn tobueunzjamnv busplurrbitv.rjxetcer trajnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxcd.nxvan dhinpv apd acf.aaxea  ubgagcoku xv bwn.o ooqaohtake armc anawnytqadsawhjwsbswukc.sdgkdxbe yxabdigm evd onrbafkcfdie tvhsyoeag colmofo. koiebf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje ndmrjxiqe pzg mhantynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 117 fit: -186 chromo: tdtkd nrhajn tobueunzjamnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcmr trqjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxcdtntvyn dhinpv a.d acb.aaxea  ubgagaokw xf.bwn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqadcawhjwwbswukd.sdg dxbe yxabdicm evd onrbafkcvdie tvhszoecg colmofo. kpiebe kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje ndmrjxaqe pzg ehajtynkrata ndtfraleubocke.
gen: 118 fit: -185 chromo: sttkd nrhazn tojueup.jamnv busplurvbitv.vjhetcer trqjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxsdtpxvyn dhinpv add acf.aatea  ubfagcoku xb.bgn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytsadcawhjwsbswuka.sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gnqbaakofdie tvhsyoeco colmofo. kniebf kfscrepstf sau wjnonsh gje ndmrjvkqe pzg mhantynkrara ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 119 fit: -184 chromo: sttkd nrhazn tobueunzjamnv busplurubitx.rjhetcer tryjnmgzerwlp r.xmzbzdaov buxcdtpxvan dhinpv and acfzaaxea  ubgagcokw xv.bwn.o opqeohtake armc anawnytqad awhjssbswukc.sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gnrbabkcfdie tvhsyoeao cokmofo. kniebf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje ncmrjvmqe pzg mhantynkrata ndtfraleubocke.
gen: 120 fit: -183 chromo: sttkd nrhazn tobueup.lamnv avsplurvbitv.vjhetcer tryjnmgzerwlp v.xmzdzdaov buxcdrptvaf dhinpv apd acf.aaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bwn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqadcawhjw bswuka.sdg.dxbe yxabdigm evd onrbaakcfdie tvhsyoecg colmoho. kniebf ifssbep tf sau wjnonsh wje ndmrjfaqe pzg mhajtynkqata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 121 fit: -183 chromo: sttkd mrhazn tobueufzjamnv busnlurvbitv.rjhetker tryjnmgzerwpn v.xmrdzdaov buxcdtpxvan dhinpv and acfzaaxea  ubgagaokw xx.bwn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytsadcawhjwwbswukc.sdgkdxbe yxabdigm evd onqbmfkofdie tvfsykecg colmofot knigbf knssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje ndmrjxaqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtnraleabocke.
gen: 122 fit: -183 chromo: sttkd nrhazn tobueufzjamnv busnlurubitx.rjhetker tryjnmgzerwpn v.xmrbrdaov buxcdtpxvan dhinpv and acfzaaxea  ubgagaokw xv.bwn o opqeohtake armc anawnytqad awhjwsbswukc.sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gnqbmbkofdie tvhsykecg cokmofot knigbf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh cje ndmrjvmqe pzg mhantynkrata ndtnraleabocke.
gen: 123 fit: -183 chromo: sttkd nrhazn tobueunzlamnv busplurubitx.rjhetcer tryjnmhzerwlp v.xmzbrdaov buxcdrpxvan dhinpv and acf.aaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bwn o ooqeohtake arm  anawnytqad awhjssbswuka.sdw dxbe yxabdigm evd gnrbubkofdie tvhsyoeag dokmofo. kniebf kfssbep tf saukwjnonsh gje ncmrjvmqe pzg mhantynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 124 fit: -182 chromo: sttkd nrhazn tobueufzjamnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tryjnmgzerwln v.xmzdzdapv buxcdrptvan dhinpv and acf.aaxea .ubgagaoku xv.bwn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqadwawhjw bswuka.sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gnrbaakcfdie tvhsyoecg colmoho. kniebf ifssbep tf sau wjnonsh wje ndmrjhaqe pzg mhyjtynkqata ndtftaleafocke.
gen: 125 fit: -181 chromo: sttkd mrhazn tobueupzjamnv bvsplurubitv.rjhetcer tryjnmgzerwln b.xmzdzdaov buxcdrpxvan dginpv and acf.aaxea  ubgagcoku xv.bwn.o ooqeohtake arm  anawnytqad awhjs bswuka.sdg dxbe yxabdigm fvd gnrbubkofdie tvhsyoecg colmofo. kniebf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje ncmrjxiqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleabockg.
gen: 126 fit: -181 chromo: tttkd nrharn tobueupzlamnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tryjnmgrerwln v.xmzbzdaov buxcdrpxvan dhinpv and acf.aaxea  ubgagaoku xv.bwn o ooqaohtake armc anawnytqadcawhjw bswuka.sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gnqbabkofdae tvhsykecg coimofot kniebf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh wje ndmrjxmqe pzg mhyntynkrata ndtfraleubocke.
gen: 127 fit: -181 chromo: sttkd nrharn tobueuhzlamnv busnlurubitv.rjhetcer tryjnmgzerwln v.xmzbzdaov buxcdrptvan dhinpv and acfzaaxea  ubgagaokg xv.bwn o ooqaohtake armc anawnytqadwewhjwsbswuka.sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gnqbabkcfdie tvhsyoecg coimofo. knigbf knssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje ndmrjxaqe pzg mhyjtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 128 fit: -179 chromo: tttkd nrharn tobueuhzlamnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tryjnmgrerwln v.xmzbzdaov duxcdrptvan dhinpv and acf.acxea  ubgagaoku xv.bwn o ooqaohtake armc anawnytqadcawhjw bswuka.sdg dxbe yxabdicm evd gnrbubkofdie tvhsykecg coimofo. kniebf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh wje ndmrjvmqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleafocke.
gen: 129 fit: -179 chromo: tttkd nrharn tobueuhzlamnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tryjnmgrerwln v.xmzbzdaov duxcdrptvan dhinpv and acf.acxea  ubgagaoku xv.bwn o ooqaohtake armc anawnytqadcawhjw bswuka.sdg dxbe yxabdicm evd gnrbubkofdie tvhsykecg coimofo. kniebf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh wje ndmrjvmqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleafocke.
gen: 130 fit: -179 chromo: tttkd nrharn tobueuhzlamnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tryjnmgrerwln v.xmzbzdaov duxcdrptvan dhinpv and acf.acxea  ubgagaoku xv.bwn o ooqaohtake armc anawnytqadcawhjw bswuka.sdg dxbe yxabdicm evd gnrbubkofdie tvhsykecg coimofo. kniebf kfssfep tf sau wjnonsh wje ndirjvmqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleafocke.
gen: 131 fit: -179 chromo: tttkd nrharn tobueufzlamnv bvsplurvbitv.rjhetcer tryjnmgzerwln v.xmzbzdaov duxcdrptvan dhinpv and acf.acxea  ubgagaoku xv.bwn p ooqaohtake armc anawnytqadcawhjw bswuka.sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gnrbubkofdie tvhsykecg colmofo. kniebf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh wje ndmrjvmqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleafocke.
gen: 132 fit: -178 chromo: sttkd nrhazn tobueufzjamnv busplurvbitv.vjhetker tryjnagzerwln v.xozdzdaov auxccrdtvan dhinpv and acfzaaxea  ubgagaoku xv.bwn o opqeohtake armc anawnytsadcewhjw bswukc.sdg dxbe zxabdigm evd gnrbceiofdie tvhsyoecg colmofo. knigbf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh gze ndmrjhcqe pzg mhantynkrata ndtfraleabockn.
gen: 133 fit: -178 chromo: tt.kd nrhazn tobueuhzjqmnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tryjnagzerwpn v.xmzdzdaov buxcdrptvan dhinpv and acfzaaxea  ubgagaoku xv.rgn o ooqaohtake armc anawnytsadcewhjw bswuka.sdg dxbe yxmbdigm evd gnrbafiofdie tvhsyoecg dobmofo. kniebe knssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje ncmrjvmqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 134 fit: -177 chromo: tttkd nrhazn tobueufzjqmnv busplurubitv.rjhetcer tryjnmgzerwpn v.xmzhzdaov buxcdrpxvyn dginpv and acf.aaxea .udgagcoku xv bgn o okqeohtake armc anawnitqadcexhjw bswuka sdg dxbe yxmbdigm evd gnrbuhkondie tvhsyoecg cobmofo. knigbe kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje ncarjviqe pzg nhyjtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 135 fit: -177 chromo: tttkd nrhazn tobueufzjamnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tryjnmgrerwpn v.xmzfzdaov duxcdrptvan dginpv and acf.aaxem  ubgagcoku xv bgn o ooqaohtake armc anawnitqadcewhjw bswuka sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gnrbadkofdie tvhsykecg cojmofo. knigbe kfssbep tf sau wjngnsh wje ncarjvkqe pzg mhajtynkratq ndtnraleabocke.
gen: 136 fit: -177 chromo: tttkd nrharn tobueuhzbamnv busplurubitx.rjhetcer trylnmhzerwpn v.vmzdbdagv buxcdrptvan dhinpv and acfzacxea  ubgagaoku xv.bgn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqadsewhjw bswuka.sdg dxbe yxabdicm evd gnrbafkofdie tvhsyoeco cokmofo. kniebf knssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje ndmrjviqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 137 fit: -177 chromo: tx.kc nrhizn tobaevhzjimnv busjlurvbitv.rjhetker tryjnmgrerwln x.xmzdzdaov duxcdrptvan dginpv and acfzacxea  ubgagaoku xv bgn o ooqaohtake armc anawnitqadwewhjw bssuca.sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gnrbafkofdie tvhsyoeco colmofo. knigbf knssbep tf sau wjngnsh gje ncarjviqe pzg mhantynkrata ndtfraleabockm.
gen: 138 fit: -177 chromo: tt.kd nrharn tobueufzlqmnv busplurvbitx.rjhetcer tryjnmgzerwln x.xmzdzdagv buxccrptuyn dhinpv and acfzaaxea  ubgagaokw xv.bwn o ooqfohtake armc anawnitsadsechjx bswuka.sdgkdxbe yxabdigm evd gnrbabkohdie tvfsyoecg colmofo. knigbf kfscbep tf sau wjnonsh gje ndmrjxiqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleafocke.
gen: 139 fit: -176 chromo: tttkd nrharn tobueuhzjqmnv busplurvbitx.rjhetder tryjnmgzerwpn v.xmzdzdaov buxcdrptvan dhinpv and acf.aaxea  ubgagaoku xv.bgn o ooqaohtake armc anawnytqadsewhjw bswuka.sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gnrbabkofdie tvhsypecg colmofo. knigbf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje ndarjvaqe pzg mhantynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 140 fit: -176 chromo: tt.kd nrharn tobueuhzjqmnv busplurvbitx.rjhetcer tryjnmgzerwln v.xmzdzdaov duxcdrptvan dhinpv and acf.aaxea  ubgagaoku xv.bgn o ooqaohtake armc anawnytqadsewhjw bswuka.sdg dxbe yxaddigm evd gnrbafkofdie tvhsypecg cokmofo. knigbf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje pdarjviqe pzg mhajtynkrara nbtfraleabocke.
gen: 141 fit: -176 chromo: tttkd nrhazn tobueufzjqmnv busnlurvbitv.rjhetcer tryjnmgzerwpn x.xmzbzdagv buxccrptvan dhinpr and acfzacxea .ubgagaoku xv bgn o ooqeohtake armc anawnztqacsewhjx bswuka.sdg dxbe yxabdiwm evd gnrbafkopdie tvhsypecg aokmofo. kniebe kfscbep tf sau wjngnsh wje ndarjviqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 142 fit: -176 chromo: txtkd mrharn tobueuhzjqmnv busplurvbitv.zjhetcer tryjnmgrerwpn vtxmzdzdaox duxcdrpxvan dhinpv and acf.acxem  udgagaoku xx.bgn o okqeohtake armc anawnytqatsexhjw bswuka.sdg dxbe yxaddicm evd gbrbufkofdie tvhsyoeco colmofo. knygbf knssbep tf sau wjnonsh cje pcarjxiqe pzg mhajtynkrata nbtfraleabocke.
gen: 143 fit: -176 chromo: tttkd nrhazn tobueufzjqmnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tzyjnmgzerwln v.xmjhzdamv buxcdrptvup dginpv and acf.aaxea  ubgagaoku xv.bgnyo ooqeohtake armc anagnytqadseshjw bwwuki.sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gnrbuhkondie tvhsyoecg koamofo.  nigbf kfssbep tf sau wlnonsh sje ndarjviqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleabockm.
gen: 144 fit: -176 chromo: tttkd nrhazn tobueuhzjamnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tryjnmgzerwln xdxmzdzdaof buxcdrptvyn dhinpr and acfzmaxeb  ubgagaoku xv bgnyo ooqeohtake armc anagnytqacsewhjx bswuka.sdh dxbe yxaddigm evd gntbabkofdie tvhsyoecg cokmofo. knyebf knssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje pdarjviqe pzg mhajtynkzara ndtfraleabockm.
gen: 145 fit: -176 chromo: tttkd nrhczn tobueufzjamnv busplurubitx.rjhetder trylnmhrerwln v.xmzhzdagv buxcdrptvap dhinpv and acf.acxea  ubgagaoku xx.bgn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxbe yxabdicm evd gnrbabkofdie tvhsylecg kokmofo.  nigbf kfssbep tf sau wjngnsh cje nxarjuiqe pzg nhajtyncrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 146 fit: -175 chromo: tt.kb nrhazn tobueuhzjqmnv busnlurvbitx.rjhetcer tzylnmgzergln v.xmzhzdaov buxcdrptvup phinpv and acf.aaxem  ubgagcoku xx bgn o ooqeohtake armc abagnytsadsexhjw bswuki.sdgkdxbe yxmddicm evd gnrbabkondie tvhsykecg kolmofo.  nygbf kfssbep tf sau wlnonsh cje pcarjvcqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 147 fit: -175 chromo: tttkd nrhazn tobueufzjqmnv busplurvbitx.rjhetcer tryjnagrerwpn v.xmzhzdaov duxccrptvap dhinpv and acf.aaxea  ubgageoku xvlbgnyo ooqaohtake armc anawnytqadsewhjw bswuka sdg dxbe yxaddigm evd gnrbafkofdie tvhsylecg aokmofo. knigbf kfssbep tf sav wjngnsh gje ndarjuiqe pzg nhajtynkrata nbtfraleabocke.
gen: 148 fit: -175 chromo: tttkd nrhazn tobueufzjqmnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tryjnmgzerwln v.tmzhzdaov duxcdrptvap dhinpr and acf.mexea  ubgageoku xv bgn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdh dxbe yxabdigm evd gnrbafkofdie tvhsykecg cokmofo.  nigbf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nxarjviqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 149 fit: -175 chromo: tttkd nrharn tobueufzjqmnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tryjnmgrerwpn v.tmzhzdaov duxcdrptvap dhinpv and acf.maxea  ubgageoku xv bgn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytqadsewhjw bwuuka.sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gnrbafkofdie tvhsyoecg cokmofo. knigbf kfssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nxarjxiqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 150 fit: -174 chromo: tttkb nrhazn tobueufzjqmnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer ttyjnagrerwpn v.tmzhzdaov duxcdrptfap dhinpv and acf.mexea  ubgageoku xx bgnyo ooqeohtake armc abaxnytsadsexhjw bsuuki sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gnrbabkofdie tvhsykecg cokmofo.  nygbf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjucqe pzg nhajtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 151 fit: -174 chromo: tttkb nrhazn tobueufzjqmnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer ttyjnagrerwpn v.tmzhzdaov duxcdrptfap dhinpv and acf.mexea  ubgageoku xx bgnyo ooqeohtake armc abaxnytsadsexhjw bsuuki sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gnrbabkofdie tvhsykecg cokmofo.  nygbf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjucqe pzg nhajtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 152 fit: -174 chromo: tttkb nrhazn tobueufzjqmnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer ttyjnbgrerwpn v.dmzhzdaox duxcdrptvup dhinpv and acf.mexea  ubgageoku xv bgnyo ooqeohtake armc abaxnytqadsexhjw bswuka.sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gbrbabkohdie tvhsyoeco colmofo.  nygbf kfswbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe pzg nhajtynkrata ndtfraleafocke.
gen: 153 fit: -174 chromo: tttkb nrhazn tobueufzjqmnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer ttyjnbgrerwpn v.dmbhzdaox duxcdrptvup dhinpv and acf.mexea  ubgageoku xv bgnyo ooqeohtake armc abaxnytqadsexhjw bswuka.sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gbrbabkohdie tvhsyoeco colmofo.  nygbf kfswbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe pzg nhajtynkrata ndtfraleafocke.
gen: 154 fit: -174 chromo: tttkb nrhazn tobueufzjqmnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer ttyjnagrerwpn v.tmzhzdaov duxcdrptfap dhinpv and acf.mexea  ubgageoku xx bgnyo ooqeohtake armc abaxnytsadsexhjw bsuuki sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gnrbabkofdie tvhsykecg cokmofo.  nygbf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjecqe pzg nhajtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 155 fit: -174 chromo: ttxkd nrhazn tobueufzjqmnv buspluruaitv.rjhetcer tryjnmgzerwln v.xozhzdaov duxcxrpxvan dfinpv and acf.aaxem  ubgageoku xv.tgnyo ooqeohtake armc anagnytqadsewhjw bsuuki.sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gnrbafkordie tvhsykecg colmofo. knigbf inssbep tf sae wjnonsh wje ndarjviqe hrg mhajtynkrata nbtfraleafocke.
gen: 156 fit: -174 chromo: tttkb nrhazn tobueufzjqmnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer ttyjnagrerwpn v.tmzhzdaov duxcdrptfap dhinpv and acf.mexea  ubgageoku xx bgnyo ooqeohtake armc abaxnytsadsexhjw bsuuki sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gnrbabkofdie tvhsykece cokmofo.  nygbf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjucqe pzg nhajtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 157 fit: -174 chromo: txtkb nrhazn tobueuhzjqmnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer ttyjnagrerwpn v.tmzhzdaov duxccrptfap dhinpv and acf.mexem  ubgageoku xv.bgn o ooqeohtake armc anawnytsadsexhjw bsuuka.sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gbrbafkofdie tvhsykeco cokmofo.  nywbf kfswbep tf sav wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe pzg mhajtynkrata nbtfraleafocke.
gen: 158 fit: -174 chromo: tttkb nrhazn tobueufzjqmnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer ttyjnagrerwpn v.tmzhrdaov duxcdrptfap dhinpv and acf.mexea  ubgageoku xx bgnyo ooqeohtake armc abaxnytsadsexhjw bsuuki sdg dxbe yxabdigm evd gnrbabkofdie tvhsykecg cokmofo.  nygbf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjecqe pzg nhajtynkrata ndtfraleabocke.
gen: 159 fit: -173 chromo: tttkd nrhazn tobueuhzjqmnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tryjnogzerwpn v.tmzdzdaox duxcdrpxvun dginpv and acf.maxea  ubgageoku xv bgnyo ooqeohtake armc azawnytqadsethjw bsuuki sdg dxbe yxabdiga eud gnrbafkofdie tvhsykecg cokmofo.  nigbf ifswbep tf sau wjnonsh gje ncarjucqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleafocke.
gen: 160 fit: -173 chromo: tttkd nrhazn tobueuhzjqmnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tryjnogzerwpn v.tmzdzdaox duxcdrpxvun dginpv and acf.maxea  ubgageoku xv bgnyo ooqeohtake armc azawnytqadsethjw bsuuki sdg dxbe yxabdiga eud gnrbafkofdie tvhsykecg cokmofo.  nigbf ifswbep tf sau wjnonsh gje ncarjucqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleafocke.
gen: 161 fit: -173 chromo: tttkb nrhazn tobueuhzjqmnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tzyjnogrerwpn v.tmbdzdaox duxcdrpxrup dhinpv and acf.mgxea  ubgageoku xv bgnyo ooyeohtake armc abawnitqadsethjw bsuuki sdgkdxbe yxabdiga eud gnrbafkofdie tvhsykecg coimofo.  nygbf ifssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje ncarjvcqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleafocke.
gen: 162 fit: -173 chromo: tttkd nrhazn tobueuhzjqmnv busplurvbitx.rjhetcer tryjnoererwpn v.tmzdzdaov duxcdrpxvup dginpv and acf.maxea  ubgageoku tx bgnyo ooqeohtake armc azawnytqadsethjw bsuuki.sdg dxbe yxabdiga eud gnrbafkofdie tvhsykecg cokmofo.  nigbf ifswbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjucqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleafocke.
gen: 163 fit: -173 chromo: tttkd nrhazn tobueuhzjqmnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tryjnoererwpn v.tmbhzdaov duxcdrpdfap dhinpv and aaf.mcxea  ubgageoku xv bgnyo ooyeohtake armc azawnytqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdgkdxbe yxavdica eud gnrbabkofdie tvhsykecg cokmofo.  nigbf ifswbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe prg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleafocke.
gen: 164 fit: -173 chromo: tstkb nrhazn tobueuhzjqanv buspkurvbitv.rjhetcer tzyjnogrergpn v.tmbdzdaov duxcdrptfap dhinpv and acf.maxea  ubgageoku xv bgnyo ooqeohtake armc abawnitqadsexhjw bsuuki sdg dxbe yxabdicm evd gnrbafkofdie tvhsykecg cokmofo.  nygbf kfssbep tf sau wjnonsh cje nwarjvcqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleafocke.
gen: 165 fit: -173 chromo: tttkd nrhazn tobueuhzjqanv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tryjnogrerwpn v.tmbdzdaov duxcdrpxvap dginpv and acf.aexea  ubgageoku xv.bgnyo ooqeohtake armc abawnytqadsexhjw bsuuki sdg dxbe yxabdica eud gnrbabkofdie tvhsykecg coimofo. knigbf ifssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje bwarjvcqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleyfockm.
gen: 166 fit: -173 chromo: tttkd nrpazn tobueuhzjqmnv busplurvaitv.rjhetcer tzyjnogzerwpn v.tmbdrdaox duxcdrpxbap dhinpv and acf.mgxea  ubgageoku xv bgnio ooyeohtake armc abawnytqadsexhjw asuukb sdgkdxbe yxabdiga evd gnrbafkofdie tvhsykecg cojmofo.  nygbf kfssbep tf sav wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe pzg ohajtynkrata ndtfraleafocke.
gen: 167 fit: -173 chromo: txtkb nrhazn tobueuvzjqmnv busplurvbitx.zjhetcer tryjncgrergpn v.tmzhzdaov duxcdrptvup dginpv and acf.mgxea  ubgageoku xv.bgnyo ooyeohtake armc anawnit adsethjw bsuuka sdg ddbe yxabdicm evd gnrbbfkondie tvhsykecg cojmofo.  nywbf ifssaep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe hzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleaeocke.
gen: 168 fit: -173 chromo: tttkd nrhazn tobueuhzjqmnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tryjnoererwpn v.tmbdzdaov duxcdrpxrup dginpv and acf.mgxea  ubgageoku tx bgnyo ooqeohtake armc abawnytqadsethjw bsuuki.sdg dxbe yxabdiea eud gnrbafkofdie tvhsykecg coimofo.  nigbf ifswbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleafocke.
gen: 169 fit: -173 chromo: tttkb nrhazn tobueuhzjqmnf busplurvbitb.rjhetcer tryjnogrerwpn v.tmbhzdaov duxcdrpdfap dhinpv and acf.mcxea  ubgageoku xv bgnyp ooqeohtake armc azawnytqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxbe yxavdica evd gnrbafkofdie tvhsykecg cokmofo.  nigbf ifswbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe prg mhajtynkrada ndtfraleafocke.
gen: 170 fit: -173 chromo: tttkd nrhazf tobueuhzjqanv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tzyjnogrerwpn v.tmbbzdaow duxcdrpxvap doinpv and acf.aexea  ubgageoku hv bgnyo ooqeohtake armc azawnytqadsexdjw bsuuki sdg dxbe yxabdica eud gnrbabkofdie tfhsykecg coimofo. knygbf ibssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje bcarjwcqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleafockm.
gen: 171 fit: -172 chromo: tttkb nrfazn tobueuhzjqmnf busplurvbitb.rjhetcer tryjnogzerwpn v.tmbhzdaov duxcdrpxvap dhinpv and acf.mcxea  ubgageoku xv bgnyo ooqeohtake armc azawnytqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnrbafkofdie tvhsykecg cokmofo. knigbf afswbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe prg ehajtynkrada ndtfraleafockm.
gen: 172 fit: -172 chromo: tttkb nrfazn tobueuhzjqmnv busplurvaitv.rjhetcer tryjnoezerwpn v.tmzhzdaov duxcdrpxvap dhinpv and acf.maxea  ubgageoku xv bgnyo ooqeohtake armc azawnytqadsexhjw bsuukm.sdg dxbe yxavdiga evd gnrbafkofdie tvhsykecg cokmofo. knigbf afssbep tf sau wjnmnsh gje nwarjvcqe prg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleafockm.
gen: 173 fit: -172 chromo: tttkb nrbazn tobueuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tryjnogrerwpn v.tmbdzdaox duxcdrpdfap dginpv and acf.maxea  ubgageoku xv bgnyk ooqeohtake armc azawnytqadsexhjw bsuuki sdg dxbe yxabdiea evd gnrbafkofdie tvhsykecg cocmofo. knjgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe prg mhajtynkrada ndtfralezfocke.
gen: 174 fit: -172 chromo: tttkb nrhazn tobuewhzjqmnv busplurvaitv.rjhetcer tryjnoezerwpn v.tmzhzdaov duxcdrpxrap dhinpv and acf.aaxea  ubgageoku tv bgnyp ooqeohtake armc ajawnytqadsexhjc bsuuki.sdgkdxbe yxavdica eud gnrbafkofdie tvhsykecg coimofo. knigbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleafockm.
gen: 175 fit: -172 chromo: tttkb nrhazn tobueuhzjqanf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tzyjnogrerwln v.tmbdzdaox duxcdrptfup dhinhv and asf.mcxea  ubgageoku hr bgnyo ooqeohtake armc azawnatyadsexhjw bswu i.sdg dxbe axabdiga eud gnrbmfkondie tvhsykecg coimofo. knigbf abssbep te sau wjnonsh gje bwarjucqe pzg ehantynkrata ndtfraleafocke.
gen: 176 fit: -172 chromo: tttkb nrhazn tobuewhzjqmnv busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tryjnogrerwpn v.tmzdzdcov duxcdrpxrap dhinpv and acf.aexea  ubgageoku xv bgnyo ooqeohtake armc ajawnytqahsexhjc bsuuki.sdg dxbe yxabdica eud gnrbafkofdie tvhsykecg coimofo. knigbf afssbep tf sae wjnonsh gje bwarjwcqe pzg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleafockm.
gen: 177 fit: -171 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer t.yjnogrerwpn v.tmbdzdaov duxcdrpxvap dginhv and acf.maxea kubgageoku tv bgnyo oo eohtake armc ajawnatyadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnrbabkofdie tvhsykecg cocmofo.  njgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralubfocke.
gen: 178 fit: -171 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer t.yjnogrerwpn v.tmbdzdaov duxcdrpxvap dginhv and acf.maxea kubgageoku tv bgnyo oo eohtake armc ajawnatyadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnrbabkofdie tvhsykecg cocmofo.  njgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralubfocke.
gen: 179 fit: -171 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer t.yjnogrerwpn v.tmbdzdaov duxcdrpxvap dginhv and acf.maxea kubgageoku tv bgnyo oo eohtake armc ajawnatyadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnrbabkofdie tvhsikecg cocmofo.  njgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralubfocke.
gen: 180 fit: -171 chromo: tttkb jrhazf tobeeuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer t.yjnogrerwpn v.tmbdzdaov duxcdrpxvap dginhv and acf.maxea kubgageoku xv.bgnyk oo uohtake armc ajawnatqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnrbabkofdie tvhsykecg gocmofo.  njgbf afssbep te sau wjnonsh gje bwarjucqe prg mhabtynkrada ndtfralebfocke.
gen: 181 fit: -171 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer t.yjnogrergpn v.tmbdzdyov duxcdrpwvap dginhv and acf.maxea kubgageoku tv bgnyp oo eohtake armc ajawnitqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dtba yxabdiga evd gnrbafkofdie tvhszkecg gokmofo.  njgbf afswbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe pzc mhajtynkrada ndtfralebfocke.
gen: 182 fit: -171 chromo: tttkb nrhazn tobueuhzjqanv busplurvbitv.rihetcer t.yjnogzerwpn v.tibdzdaov duxcdrptvap dginpv and acf.mcxea  ubgageoku xv bgnyo oo eohtake armc ajawnqtyadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnrbafkofdie tvhsykecg gocmofo.  njgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjvcae prg ehabtynkrata ndtfraleafocke.
gen: 183 fit: -171 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueehznqmnv busplurfaitb.rjhetcer ttyjnogrerwpn v.tmbdzdaov duxcdrpwvap dginhv and acf.maxea kubgageoku xv.bgnyo oo eohtake armc azawnityadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxbe yxabdiga eud gnrbabkofdie tvhsykecg cocmofo. knbgbf afssbep tf sae wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe prg mhabtynkrada ndtfraluafocke.
gen: 184 fit: -170 chromo: tttkb nrhabf tobeeuhzjqmnf busplurvbitb.rjhetcer tzyjnogrerwpn v.tobdzdaov duxcdrpxfap dginfv and acf.maxea oubgageoku tv bgnyk oo eohtake armc ajawnqtyadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnzbafkofdie trhsykecg cocmofo.  njgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralubfocke.
gen: 185 fit: -170 chromo: tttkb nrhabf tobeeuhzjqmnf busplurvbitb.rjhetcer tzyjnogrerwpn v.tobdzdaov duxcdrpxfap dginfv and acf.maxea oubgageoku tv bgnyk oo eohtake armc ajawnqtyadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnzbafkofdie trhsykecg cocmofo.  njgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralubfocke.
gen: 186 fit: -170 chromo: tttkb nrhabf tobeeuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tzyjnogrerwpn v.tmbdzdaov duxcdrpxfap dhinhv and acf.maxea oubgageoku tv bgnyo oo eohtake armc ajawnqtqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnzbafkofdie trhsykekg cocmofo.  njgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnucae ptg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebfocke.
gen: 187 fit: -170 chromo: tttkb nrhabf tobeeuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tzyjnogrerwpn v.tmbdzdaov duxcdrpxfap dhinhv and acf.maxea oubgageoku tv bgnyo oo eohtake armc ajawnqtqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnzbafkofdie trhsykekg cocmofo.  njgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnucae ptg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebfocke.
gen: 188 fit: -170 chromo: tttkb nrhabf tobeeuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tzyjnogrerwpn v.tmbdzdaov duxcdrpxfap dhinhv and acf.maxea oubgageoku tv bgnyo oo eohtake armc ajawnqtqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnzbafkofdie trhsykekg cocmofo.  njgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnucae ptg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebfocke.
gen: 189 fit: -169 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobeeuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer ttyjnogrerwpn v.tmblydaov duxcdrpxfap dginhv and acf.maxea oubgageoku tv bgnyo oo eohtake armc ajawnatqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnrjaekofdie tvhsikecg gocmofo.  nbgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnucqe prg mhabtynkrata ndtfraleahocke.
gen: 190 fit: -169 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobeeuhzjqonf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer t.yjnogrerwpn v tmblydaov duxcdrowfap dginhv and acf.maxea oubgageoku tv bgnyo oo eohtake armc ajawnatqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnrlafkofdie tvhsikecg gokmofo.  njgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe prg mhajtynkrata ndtfraleahocke.
gen: 191 fit: -169 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer t.yjnogrerwpn v.tmblydaox duxcdrpdfap dginhv and acf.maxea oubgageocu xv bgnyo oo uohtake armc azawnitqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnrjaekofdie tvhsikecg cokmofm.  nbgbf afswbep tf sau wjnonch gje nwarjvcqe prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 192 fit: -169 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer t.yjnogrerwpn v.tmblydaox duxcdrpdfap dginhv and acf.maxea oubgageocu xv bgnyo oo uohtake armc azawnitqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnrjaekofdie tvhsikecg cokmofm.  nbgbf afswbep tf sau wjnonch gje nwarjvcqe prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 193 fit: -169 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tzyjnogrerwpn v tmblzdaov duxcdrpxfap dginhv and acf.maxea oubgageoku tv bgnyp oo eohtake armc azawnitqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnrlafkofdie tvhsykecg cokmofo.  njgbf afssrep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnvcqe prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 194 fit: -169 chromo: tttkb nrhabf tobeeuhzjqmnf buspdurvbitv.rjhetcer tzyjnogrerwpn v .mbdzdaov duxcdrpxfap dginhv and acf.maxea oubgageoku tv bgnyp oo eohtake armc azawnqtqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd wjrjafkofdie tvhsykecg cokmofo.  njgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjucae pxg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 195 fit: -169 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobeeuhzjqonf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer t.yjnogrerwpn v tmblydaox duxcdrp fap dginhv and acf.maxea oubgageocu xv bgnyo oo uohtake armc ajawnatqadsexhnw.bsuuki.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnrlaekofdie tvhsikecg cokmofo.  nbgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonch gje nwarjucqe prg mhabtynkrata ndtfraleahocke.
gen: 196 fit: -169 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobeeuhzjqonf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer ttyjnogrerwpn v tmbdydaov duxcdrpwfap dgyngv and ace.oaxea oubgageoku tv bgnyo oo eohtake armc ajawnqtqadsevhjw bsuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnrjafkofdie trhsjkecg gokmofo.  nigbf afswbep tf sau wjncnsh gze nwarjucqe prg mhabtynkrata ndtfraleahocke.
gen: 197 fit: -169 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer tzyjnogrerwpn v tmblzdaov duxcdrpxfap dginhv and acf.maxea oubgageoku tv bgnyp oo eohtake armc azawnitqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnrlafkofdie tvhsykecg cokmofo.  njgbf afssrep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnvcqe prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 198 fit: -169 chromo: tttkb nrhqzf tobueuhzjqmnf busplurubitv.rjhetcer tzyjnogrerwpn v.tmblzdaov duxcdrpwfap dhinhv and acf.maxea oubgageoku tv bgnyp oo uohtake armc azawnitqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dtba yxabdiga evd gnzlafkofdie tvhsykekg coamofo.  njgbf afs bep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnvcqe prg mhaftynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 199 fit: -168 chromo: tttkb nrhabf tobeeuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer t.ajnogrerwpn v.tmblydaov duxcdrpxfah dgingv and acn.mqxea oubgageoku tv bgnyo oo eohtake armc ajawnqtqadsexhjw asuuki.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnzlafkofdie tvhsykecg cokmofo. .nbgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 200 fit: -168 chromo: tttkb nrhabf tobeeuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rbhetcer t.ajnogrerwpn v.tmbdbdaov duxcdrpxfah dgingv and acf.mqxea oubgageoku tv bgnyo oo eohtake armc ajawnatqadsexhjw asuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnzjafkovdie tvhsykecg cokmofo.  nbgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnvcqe prg mhabtynkrata ndtvralebhocke.
gen: 201 fit: -168 chromo: tttkb nrhabf tobeeuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer t.yjnogrerwpn v.tmblydaov duxcdrpxfap dgingv and acn.mqxea oubgageoku tx bgnyo oo aohtake armc ajawnqtqadsexhjw asuukm.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnzlafkofdie tvhsykecg cokmofo. .nbgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjucae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 202 fit: -168 chromo: tttkb nrhabf tobueuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer t.yjnogrerwpn v .mblydaov duxcdrpxfah dgingv and acm.maxea oubgageoku tvcbgnqo oo eohtake armc ajawnqtqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnzjafkofdie tvhsykekg cokmofo. .nigbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 203 fit: -168 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhzjqmjf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer t.yjnogrerwpn v.tmblydaov duxcdrpwfap dgingv and acflmaxea oubgageoku tv bgnyo oo eohtake armc ajawnitqadsexhjw bsuuka.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnzjafkofdie trhsykecg cocmofo.  nbgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnvcqe prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralubhocke.
gen: 204 fit: -168 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer t.yjnogrerwpn v.tobdzdaov duxcdrpwfap dgingv and acflmavea oubgageoku tv bgnyo oo eohtake armc azawnitqadsexhjw bsuuka.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnrlafkofdie trhsykecg cokmofo.  njgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnucqe prg mhabtynkqata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 205 fit: -168 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobeeuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer t.yjnogrerwpn v.tmblydaox duxcdrpxfap dgingv and acflmatea oubhageocu tvkbgnyo oo uohtake armc azawnitqadsexhjw bsuuka.sdg dtba yxabdiga evd gnrlafkofdie trhsykecg cocmofo.  nbgbf afssbep tf sav wjnonsh gje nwarjvcqe prg mhabtynkrata ndtfraleahocke.
gen: 206 fit: -168 chromo: tttkb nrhbzf tobeeuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer t.yjnogrergpn v.tobdzdaov duxcdrpwfah dgingv and acn.mqxea oubgageoku tv bgnqo oo eohtake armc ajawnatqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnzjafkofdie trhsykekg cokmofo. .njgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnvcqe prg ahabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 207 fit: -168 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobeeuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer t.yjnogrerwpn v.tmbdydaov duxcdrpwfal dgingf and acflmqxea oubgageoku tv bgnyo oo uohtake armc azawnitqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gbrjafkofdie trhsykekg cokmofo.  njgbf afssjep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnucqe prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 208 fit: -168 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhzjsmnf busplurvbixv.rjhetcer ttyjnogrerwpn v tmblzdbov cuxcdrpwfap dhingv and ach.maxea oubgageocu xv benyo oo eohtake armc ajawnatqadsexhjw bsuukm.sdg dxba yhabdiga evd gnzjaekofdie tvhsikecg gocmofo.  nbgbf afssbep tf saq wjnonsh gje nwarnucqe ptg mhajtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 209 fit: -168 chromo: tttkb nrhbzf tobeeuhzjqonf busplurvbitv.rnhetcer tlyjnogrerwpn v.tmblydaov dutcdrpwfap dhingv and acn.mqxea oubgageoku tv bgnyo oo uohtake armc ajawnatqadsexhjw asuuki.sdgcdxba yxbbdiga evd gnzlafkofdie trhsykekg cokmofo. .njgbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnvcqe prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralubhocke.
gen: 210 fit: -168 chromo: tttkb nrhabf tobueuhzjqmnf buqplurvbitv.rjhetger ttajnogrerwpn v.tmblzdaov duxcdrpwfap dhingv and acflmaxea oubgageocu xv bgnyo oo uohtake armc alawnitqadsexhjw bsuuka.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnzjafkofdie trhsykecg cocmofm.  nbgbf afssjep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnucqe ptg mhajtynkrata ndtfralubhocke.
gen: 211 fit: -167 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetger t.yjnogrerwpn v tmblydaov duxcdrpxfap dhingv and acmlmaxea oubgageoku tvcbgnqo oo uohtake armc azawnitqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnzjafkofdie tvhsykecg cocmofe. .nagbf afssjep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnwcae prg ohabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 212 fit: -167 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobqeuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetger t.yjnogrerwpn v tmblydaov duxcdrpxfap dhingv and acelmaxea oubgageoku tvcbenyo oo uoftake armc azawnitqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnzlafkofdie trhsykecg cocmofe. .nbgbf afssbep tf sau wznonqh gje nwarnwcqe prg ohajtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 213 fit: -167 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobqeuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetger t.yjnogrerwpn v tmblydaov duxcdrpxfap dhingv and acelmaxea oubgageoku tvcbenyo oo uoftake armc azawnitqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnzlafkofdie trhsykecg cocmofe. .nbebf afssbep tf sau wznonqh gje nwarnwcqe prg ohajtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 214 fit: -167 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobqeuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetger t.yjnogrergpn v tmbpydaov duxcdrpxfap dhingv and acelmaxea oubgageoku tvcbenyo oo uobtake armc azawnitqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnzlafkofdie trhsykecg cocmofe. .nbgbf afssbep tf sau wznonqh gje nwarnwcqe prg ohajtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 215 fit: -167 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetger t.yjnogrerwpn v tmblydaov duxcdrpxfap dhingv and acmlmaxea oubgageoku tvcbgnqo oo uohtake armc azawnitqadsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxba yxabdiga evd gnzjafkofdie tvhsykecg cocmofe. .nagbf afssjep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnwcae prg ohabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 216 fit: -166 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhzjqmnf busplurvbitf.rjhetcer ttyjnogrerwpn v tmmlzdacx duxcdrpwfah dhingv and acn.maxea oubgageocu tu bgnqo oo eohtake armc ayawnitqadsexhjw bsuuki.sbg dxbe yxabdiga evd gbzjufkofdie trhsycecg codmofe.  nagbf afssjep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnxcae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 217 fit: -166 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhzjqmnf busplurvbitf.rjhetcer ttyjnogrerwpn v tmmlzdacx duxcdrpwfah dhingv and acn.maxea oubgageocu tu bgnqo oo eohtake armc ayawnitqadsexhjw bsuuki.sbg dxbe yxabdiga evd gbzjufkofdie trhsycecg codmofe.  nagbf afssjep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnxcae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 218 fit: -166 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhbjqmnf bvsplurvbitf.rjhetcer ttyjnogrerwpn v tmmlzdacx duxcdrpwfah dhingv and acn.maxea oubgageocu tu bgnqo oo eohtake armc ayawnitqadsexhjw bsuuki.sbg dxbe yxabdiga evd gbzjufkofdie trhsycecg codmofe.  nagbf afssjep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnxcae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 219 fit: -166 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhbjqmnf bvsplurvbitf.rjhetcer ttyjnogrerwpn v tmmlzdacx duxcdrpwfah dhingv and acn.maxea oubgageocu tu bgnqo oo eohtake armc ayawnitqadsexhjw bsuuki.sbg dxbe yxabdiga evd gbzjufkofdie trhsycecg codmofe.  nagbf afssjep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnxcae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 220 fit: -166 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer t.yjnogrerwpn v tmmlzdaov duxcdrpwfah dhingv and acflmaxea oubgageoku tv bgnqo oo eohtake armc aiawnitqadsexhjw asuuki.sbg dxbe yxabdiga evd gbzjufkofdie trhsykecg cokmofe.  naebf afssbep tb sau wjnonsh gje nwarnxcae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 221 fit: -166 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhbjqmnf bvsplurvbitf.rjhetcer ttyjnogrerwpn v tmmlzdacx duxcdrpwfah dhingv and acn.maxea oubgageocu tu bgnqo oo eohtake armc ayawnitqadsexhjw bsuuki.sbg dxbe yxabdiga evd gbzjufkofdie trhsycecg codmofe.  nagbf afssjep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnxcae pbg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 222 fit: -166 chromo: tttkb nrhjzf tobeeufbjqmnh bvsplurvbitf.rbhetger t.ynnogrerwpn v.tmmlzdaox duxcdrpwfah phingv and acm.mqxea oubgageoku tucbgnqp oo eoftake armc ayawnitqacsexhjw bsuuki.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnzjafkofdie trdsycecg cokmofe. knbgbf afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnucae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 223 fit: -166 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhzjqmnf busplurvbitv.rjhetcer t.yjnogrerwpn v tmmlzdaov duxcdrpwfah dhingv and acflmaxea oubgageoku tv bgnqo oo eohtake armc aiawnitqadsexhjw asuuki.sbgkdxbe yxabdiga evd gbzjufkofdie trhsykecg cokmofe.  naebf afssbep tb sau wjnonsh gje nwarnxcae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 224 fit: -166 chromo: tttkb nrhjzf tobeeufbjqanh bvsplurvbitf.rbhetger t.ynnogrerwpn v.tmmlzdaox duxcdrpwfah phingv and acm.mqxea oubgageoku tucbgnqp oo eoftake armc ayawnitqacsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnzjafkofdie trdsycecg cokmofe. knbgbf afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnucae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 225 fit: -166 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhzjqmnf bvshlurvbitf.rjhetger ttyjnogrerwpn x tmmlzdacx duxcdrpwfah dhingv and acn.maxea oubgageocu tv bgnqo oo eohtake armc ayawnitqadsexhjw bsauki.sbg dxbe yxabdiga evd gbzjufkofdie trhsycecg codmofe.  nagbf afssbep tf sau wjnonsh gje nwarnxcae prg mhadtynkrata ndthralebhocke.
gen: 226 fit: -166 chromo: tttkb nrhazf tobueuhzjqmnf bvsplurvbitv.rjhetder t.yjnogrerwpn v tmmlzdaov duxcdrpxfah dhingv and acflmaxea oubgageoku tv bgnqo oo eoftake armc aiawnitqadsexhjw asuuki.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnzjunoofdie tvhsykecg cokmofe.  naebf afssdep tf sau wjfonsh gje nwarnwcqe prg chabtynkrati ndtfraleahockf.
gen: 227 fit: -165 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tobueuvzjqmnf bvsplurvbitf.zbhetger ttyjnogrerwpn x.tmmlzdacx duxcdrpwfah dhingv and acm.mqxea oubgageoku tvcbgnqp oo eoftake armc a awnitqacsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga evd gnzjafkoedie trdsycecg colmofe.  nbgbf afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnucae prg mhabtynkrata ndthraleahockf.
gen: 228 fit: -165 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tobueuvzjqmnf bvsplurvbitf.zbhetger ttyjnogrerwpn x.tmmlzdacx duxcdrpwfah dhingv and acm.mqxea oubgageoku tvcbcnqp oo eoftake armc a awnitqacsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga evd gnzjafkoedie trdsycecg colmofe.  nbgbf afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnucae prg mhabtynkrata ndthraleahockf.
gen: 229 fit: -165 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqmnf bvsplurvbitf.zjhetger ttyjnogrerwpn x.temlydacx duxcdrpwfah dhingv and acm.mqxea oubgageocu tvcbgnqp oo eohtake armc a awnitqadsexhjw bsuukq.sbg dxbe ywabdiga evd gnzjafkoedie trhsycecg colmofe.  nbgbf afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnwcae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfraleahockf.
gen: 230 fit: -165 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tobueuvzjqmnf bvsplurvbitf.rbhetger ttyjnogrerwpn xktmmlzdacx duxcdrpwfah dhingv and acm.mqxee oubgageoku tv bgnqp oo uoftake armc akawnitqadsexhjw bsuuky.sbg dxba yxabdiga evd gnzjufkoedie trdsycecg gokmofe.  nfgbf afssjep tf sau wpnonsh gje nwarnucae prc ahajtynkrata ndtfraleahocke.
gen: 231 fit: -165 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqmnf bvsplurvbitf.zbhetger ttyjnogrerwpn x.tmmlzdacx duxcdrpwfah dhingv and acm.mqxea oubgageocu tvcbgnqp oo eohtake armc a awnitqacsexhjw bsuukq.sbg dxbe ywabdiga evd gnzjafkoedie trhsycecg colmofe.  nbgbf afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje bwarnucae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfraleahockf.
gen: 232 fit: -165 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tobueuvzjqmnn bvsplurvbitf.zbhetger ttyjnogrerwpn x.tmmlzdacx duxcdrpwfah dhingv and acm.mqxea oubgageoku tvcbgnqp oo eoftake armc a awnitqacsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga evd gnzjafkoedie trdsycecg colmofe.  nbgbf afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnucae prg mhabtynkrata ntthraleahockf.
gen: 233 fit: -165 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tobueuvzjqmnn bvcplurvbitf.zbhetger ttyjnogrerwpn x.tmmlzdacx duxcdrpwfah dhingv and acm.mqxea oubgageoku tvcbgnqp oo eoftake armc a awnitqacsexhjw vsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga evd gnzjafkoedie trdsycecg colmofe.  nbgbf afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnucae prg mhabtynkrata ntthraleahockf.
gen: 234 fit: -164 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqmnf bvsplurvbitf.rbhetger ttyjnogrerwpn x tmmlzdaox duxcxrpwfah dhingv and acm.mqxea oubgageocu tvcbgnqm oo eohtake armc a awnytqacsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd gnzjafkoedie trhsykecw co mofe.  nbgbf afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje bwarnucae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 235 fit: -164 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tobueuvzjqmnf bvcplurfbitf.rbhetger ttyjnogrerwpn x tmmlzdaox duxcxrpwfah dhingv and acm.mqxeu oubgageoku tvcbgnqn oo eohtake armc aiawnitqacsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga evd gnzjafkoedie trdsycecg cokmofe.  ndgbf afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnucae prg ohabtynkrata ndthraleahockf.
gen: 236 fit: -164 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tobueuvzjqonf bvsplurvjitf.rbhetger ttyjnogrerwpn x.tmmdidaox duxcxrpwfah phingv and acm.maxea oubgageocu tucbgnqo oo eohtake armc aiawnytracsexhjw bsuuka.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd gnzjafkoedie trdsycecw colmofe.  ndgbf afssiep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnucae nrg chajtynkrata ndthralebhocke.
gen: 237 fit: -164 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqmnf bvsplurvbytf.rbhetger ttyjnogrerwpn x tmmlzdacx duxcxrpwfah dgingv and acm.mqxeu oubgageocu tvcbgnqm oo eohtake armc ayawnytqadsexhjw bsuuka.sbg dxbe ywabdiga exd gnzjafkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbf afssjep tf sau wlnonsh gje bwarnwcqe prg ahabtynkrata ndthralebhockf.
gen: 238 fit: -163 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojueufzjqmnf bvsplurvbitf.rbhetger ttyjnogrerwpn x tmmlzdaox duxcxrpxfah bgingv and acm.mqxea oubgageocu tvcbgnqo oo eohtake armc ayawnitqadsexhjw bsuukq.sbg dxbe yxabdiga exd gnzjafkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbf afssbep tf sau w.nonsh gje nwarnucae nrg ahabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 239 fit: -163 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tobueuvbjqmnf bvsplurvbitf.rbhetger ttyjnogrerwpn x tmmlzdacx duxcxrpwfah bhingv and acn.mqxeu oubgageocu tv bgnqp oo eohtake armd a awnitqacsexhjw bsuuka.srg dxbe yxabdiga exd gnzjafkoedie trhsycecg co mofe.  ndgbf afssbep tf saa wdnonsh gje nwarnucae prg ahabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 240 fit: -163 chromo: tttkb nrhnzb tojueuvzjqmnf bvsplurvbitf.rfheteer t.yjnogrerwpn x.tmmlzdaox duxcxrpwfah dhingv and acm.myxeu oubgageocu tvcbgnqo oo eohtake armc akawnitqadsexhzw zsuuka.sdg dxbe yxandiga evd wnzjafkoedie trdsycecw co mofe. .ndgbf afssbep tf saa wlnonsh gje nwarnvcae nrg ohajtyn rata ndtfraleahockf.
gen: 241 fit: -163 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqmnf bvsplurvbite.rbhetger ttyjnogrerwhn x smml.daow duxaxrpwfah dhingv and acm.mqxea oubgageoku tucbgnqp oo uoftake armc akawnytqacsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdigc exd gnzjafkofdie trdsycecg co mofe.  ndgbf afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarmucae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfraleahocke.
gen: 242 fit: -163 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tobueuvbjqmnf bvsplurvbitf.rbhetger ttajnogrerwpn x tmmlzdacw duxcxrpwfah bhingv and acmlmqxeu oubgageocu tv bgnqp oo uohtake armc aiawnitqacsexhjw bsuuka.srg dxbe yxabdioa evd wnzjafkofdie trhsycecg co mofe.  ndgbf afswiep tf saa wpnonsh gje nwarnucae prg ahabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 243 fit: -162 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqenf bfsplurvjitn.rbhetger ttyjnogrerwpn x tamlzdacx duxcxrpwfah dhingv and acnlmqxea oubgageoku tvcbgnqn oo eoftake armc a awnytqacsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga evd gnzjafkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbf afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnucae prg chabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 244 fit: -162 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqenf bfsplurvjitn.rbhetger ttyjnogrerwpn x tamlzdacx duxcxrpwfah dhingv and acnlmqxea oubgageoku tvcbgnqn oo eoftake armc a awnytqacsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga evd gnzjafkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbf afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnucae prg chabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 245 fit: -162 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqenf bfsplurvjitn.rbhetger ttyjnogrerwpn x tamlzdacx duxcxrpwfah dhingv and acnlmqxea oubgageoku tvcbgnqn oo eoftake armc a awnytqacsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga evd gnzjafkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbf afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnucae prg chabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 246 fit: -162 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqmnf bvsplurvbitf.rbhetger ttyjnogrerwpn x.tamljdacx duxcxrpxfah phingv and acm.mqxem oubgageocu tvcbgnqo oo eohtake armc a awnitracsexhjw bsuuka.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd gnzjafkofdie tvfsycecg co mofe.  ndgbf afssaep tf saa wlnonsh gje nwarnacae prg chabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 247 fit: -162 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqenf bfsplurvjitn.rbhetger ttyjnogrerwpn x tamlzdacx duxcxrpwfah dhingv and acnlmqxea oubgageoku tvcbgnqn oo eoftake armc a awnytqacsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga evd gnzjafkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbf afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnucae prg chabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 248 fit: -162 chromo: tttcb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqmnf bvsplurvjitn.rbhetger ttyjnogrerwpn x.xmmlzdaox duxcxrpwfah dhingv and acn.mrxea oubgageocu tvcbgnqp oo eoftake armd a awnytqadsexxju bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd gnzjafkofdie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbf afssbep tf sau wpnonsh gje nwarnucae prg ohabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 249 fit: -162 chromo: tttcb nrhnzf tojeeufzjqmnf vvsplurvbitf.rbhetger ttyjnogrerwhn x tmmlzdacx duxcxrpwfah dgingv and acnlmqhee oubgageocu tv bgnqp oo eoftake armc akawnitqacsexhjw bsuuka.stg dxbe yxabdiga exd gpzjcfkoedie trhs cecg co mofe. .ndgbf afssbep tf saa w.nonsh gje nwarnacae nrg chabtynkrata ndthralebhockf.
gen: 250 fit: -161 chromo: tttcb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqenf bfsplurvbitn.rbhetger ttyjnogrerwhn x.tamlzdaox duxcdrpwfbh bhingv and akn.nqxua oubgageocu tvcbgnqm oo eoftake armc a awnytqacsexgjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga evd gnzjafkoedie tvdsycecg co mofe.  ndgbf afssbep tf saa wlnonsh gje nwarnacae prg chabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 251 fit: -161 chromo: tttcb nrhnzf tojeeuvzjqmpf vvwppurvbitn.rbhetger ttyjnogrerwhn x tmmlzdacx duxcxrpwfah dgingv and acmlmqxee oubgageocu tv bgnqn oo eoftake armc akawnitqacsexhjw bsuuka.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd gnzjcfkoedie trhsycecw co mofe.  ndgbf afssbep tf saa wlnonsh gje nwarnacae prg chabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 252 fit: -161 chromo: tttcb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqmnf bfsplurvjitn.rbhetger ttyjnogrerwhn w tamlzdacx duxcxrpwvah bhingv and acmlmqxeu oubgageocu tu bgnqn oo eoftake armc a awnitqacsexhjw bsuuka.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd gnzjafkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbf afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae prg ahabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 253 fit: -161 chromo: tttcb nrhnzv tojueuvbjqmnf bvsplurvbitn.rbhetger tt jnogrerwpn xkxamlydaox duxcxrpxfah bhingr and acn.myxeu oubgageoku tvcbgnqo oo eovtake armc ayawnytqadsexhjw bsuukq.stg dxbe ywabdiga ehd gnzjafkoedie trtsycecw co mofe.  ndgbh afssbep tf saa w.nonsh gje nwarnacae nrg chabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 254 fit: -161 chromo: tttcb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqenf bfsplurvbitn.rbhetger ttyjnogrerwhn x.tamlzdaox duxcdrpwfbh bhingv and akn.nqxua oubgageocu tvcbgnqm oo eoftake armc a awnytqacsexgjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga evd gnzjafkoedie tvdsycecg co mofe.  ndgbf afssbep tf saa wlnonsh gje nwarnacae prg chabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 255 fit: -161 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqnnf bvsplurrjitn.rbhetger ttyjnogrerwpn x tmmlzdacx duxcxrpwfah dgingv and acn.mqxeu oubgageoku tvcbgnql oo eoftake armc a awnytqacsexhjs bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdigc evd gnzjafkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbn afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 256 fit: -160 chromo: tttkb jrhnzf tojueuvzjqnnf bvsplurrjitn.rbhether ttyjnogrerwpn x tampzdacx duxcxrpwfah dgingv and acn.mqxeu oubgageoku tvcbgnql oo eoftake armc a awnytqacsexhjs bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdigc evd gnzjafkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbf afssbep tf sau w.nonsh gje nwarnacae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 257 fit: -160 chromo: tttkb jrhnzf tojueuvzjqnnf bvsplurrbitn.rbhether ttyjnogrerwpn x tamlzdaox duxcxrpwfah dhingv and akn.mqxeu oubgageoku tvcbgnqj oo eoftake armc a awnytqacsexhjs zsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdigc evd gnzjafkoedie tvdsycecg co mofe.  ndgbh afssbep tf sau w.nonsh gje nwarnacae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 258 fit: -159 chromo: tttcb nrhnzf tojueuvbjqnnf bfspourvjirn.rbhether tdsjnogrerwpn x tamlzdacx duxcxrpwfah pgingv and acn.mqxeu oubgageoku tvcbgnqp oo eohtake armc ayawnitqacsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnzjafkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbf afssaep tf sau w.nonsh eje nwarnacae prg ahabtynkrata ndthralebhocke.
gen: 259 fit: -159 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqmnf bfsppurrbirn.rbhether ttsjnogrerwpn x temlzdacx duxcxrpwfah dgingv and acnlmqxeu oubgageoku tvcbgnqj oo eoftake armc a awnytqacsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdigc evd gnzjafkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbf afssbep tf sau wlnonsh eje nwarnacae prg ahabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 260 fit: -159 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqmnf bfsppurrbirn.rbhether ttsjnogrerwpn x temlzdacx duxcxrpwfah dgingv and acnlmqxeu oubgageoku tvcbgnqj oo eoftake armc a awnytqacsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdigc evd gnzjafkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbf afssbep tf sau wlnonsh eje nwarnacae prg ahabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 261 fit: -159 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojeeuvzjqmnf bvsplurrjitn.rbhether t.sjnogrerwhn x tamlzdacx duxcxrpwfah dhingv and acn.mqxea oubgageoku tvcbgnqp oo eohtake arma ayawnytqacsexhjw bsuuka.sdg dxbe yxabdigc exd gnzjafkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbf afssbep te sau w.nonsh gje nwarbacae pre ahabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 262 fit: -159 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojeeuvzjqnnf vvsplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnogrerwhn x tamlzdacx duxcxrpwfah dhingv and akm.mqxea oubgageocu tvcbgnqn oo eohtake armc ayawnitqacsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdigc exd gnzjafkoedie trdsyceaw co mofe. sndgbh afssbep te sau w.nonsh gje nwarnacae pre chabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 263 fit: -159 chromo: tdtkb nrhnzf tojeeuvzjqmnf vvsplurvbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwhn x tamlzdacx duxcxrpwvah phingv and acn.mqxea oubgageoku tvcrgnqj oo eoftake armc a.awnitqacsexhjw bsuuks.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd gnzjavkoedie trdsyceaw co mofe. sndgbh afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae drg chabtynkratq ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 264 fit: -159 chromo: tttkb jrhnrf tojueuvzjqnnf bfsppurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnogrerwpn x tumlzdacx duxcxrpwfah pgingv and acnlmqxeu oubgageoku tvcrgnqj oo eohtake armc a.awnytqacsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdigc evd onzjavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbf afssbep tf sau wlnonsh eje nwarnacae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfraledhocke.
gen: 265 fit: -158 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqmnf vvsplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwhn t tmmlzdbcx duxcxrpwvah phingv and akn.mqxeu oubgageoku tvcrgnqj oo eoftake arma a.awnytsacsexhjw bsuuka.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd gnzjavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbh afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae dre ahabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 266 fit: -158 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqmnf vvsplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwhn t tmmlzdbcx duxcxrpwvah phingv and akn.mqxeu oubgageoku tvcrgnqj oo eoftake arma a.awnytsacsexhjw bsuuka.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd gnzjavkoedie trlsycecw co mofe.  ndgbh afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae dre ahabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 267 fit: -158 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojeeuvzjqmnf vvsplurvjitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwhn t tmmljdacx duxcdrpwfah pgingv and acm.mqxeu oubgageoku tvcbgnqj oo eohtake arma a.awnytsacsexhjs bsuuka.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnzjavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbh afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarbacae prg ahabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 268 fit: -158 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqmnf bfsppurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdbcx duxcxrpwvah pgingv and akn.mqxeu oubgageoku tvcrgnqj oo eoftake armc a awnytsacsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd gnzjavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe. sndgbh afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfraledhockf.
gen: 269 fit: -158 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojueuuzjqmnf bfsppurvbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwhn t tbmlzdbcx duxcxrpwfah phingv and akn.mqxeu oubgageoku tvcrgnqj oo eoftake arma a awnytsacsexhjw bsuuka.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd gnzjavkoedie trlsycecw co mofe.  ndgbh afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae dre ahabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 270 fit: -157 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojeeuvzjamnf bfwplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdbcx duxcxrpwvah pgingv and akn.mqxea oubgageoku tvcrgnqp oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnznavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbh afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 271 fit: -157 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojeeuvzjamnf bfwplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdbcx duxcxrpwvah pgingv and akn.mqxea oubgageoku tvcrgnqp oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnznavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbh afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 272 fit: -157 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojeeuvzjamnf bfwplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdbcx duxcxrpwvah pgingv and akn.mqxea oubgageoku tvcrgnqp oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnznavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbh afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae prg mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 273 fit: -157 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojueuvzjqmnf bfsplurrjitn.zbhether tdsjnowrerwpn t tbmlzdacx duxcxrpwvah phingv and akn.mqxeu.oubgageoku tvctgnqp oo eohtake arma a awnit acsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnznavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbh afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae dre chabtynkvata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 274 fit: -157 chromo: tttkb nrhnrf tojeeuvzjannf bfsplurrbitn.rbhether tdsjnowrerwpn t tamlydbcx duxcxrpwfah pgingv and acn.mqxea oubgageoku tvcrgnqp oo eohtake armc a awnat acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd gnznavkoudie trdsycecw co mofe. sndgbh afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae pre mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 275 fit: -157 chromo: tdtkb nrhnzf tojgeuvbnqmnf bfsplurrbitn.rbhether tdsjnowrerwpn t tamlzdbcx duxcdrpgvah dgingv and acn.mqxeu oubgageoku tvcrgnqn oo eohtake armc a.awnyt acsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd fnrnavkoedie trlsycecw co mofe.  ndgbh afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae prg chabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 276 fit: -157 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojeeuvzjannf dfwplurrbitn.rbhether tdsjnowrerwpn t tamlydbcx duxcxrpwfah pgingv and akn.mqxea oubgageoku tvcrgnqp oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnznavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbh abssbep tf sau wlnonsh oje nwarnacae pre mhabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 277 fit: -156 chromo: tttkb nrhnrf tojueuuzjafnf bvwplurrbitn.rbhether tdsjnogverwhn t tamlzdbcx duxcxrpwfyh dgingv and akn.mqxea oubgageoku tvctgnqn oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe ywabdigc exd gnzjavkoadie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbf afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacie drg chabtynkrate ndtfralebhockg.
gen: 278 fit: -156 chromo: tttkb nrhnrf tojueuuzjafnf bvwplurrbitn.rbhether tdsjnogverwhn t tamlzdbcx duxcxrpwfyh dgingv and akn.mqxea oubgageoku tvctgnqn oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe ywabdigc exd gnzjavkoadie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbf afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacie drg chabtynkrate ndtfralebhockg.
gen: 279 fit: -156 chromo: tttkb nrhnzf tojeeuvzjamnf bfwplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlrdbcx duxcxrpwvah pgingv and akn.mqxea oubgageoku tvctgnqp oo eohtake armc a awnyt acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd hnznavkoedie trlsycecw co mofe.  ndgbh afssbep te sau wlnonsh gbe nwarnacae prg ohabtynkra.a ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 280 fit: -156 chromo: txtkb nrhnzf tojeeuvzjqmbf bfsplurrbitn.rbhether thsjnowrerwpn t tamlydbcx duxcxrpwfah pgingv and akn.mqxeu oubgageoku tvctgnqn oo aohtake armc a awnat acsexxjw bsuukq.sdg dvbe yxabdiga exd hnzncfkoudie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbh afssbep te sau w.nonsh gje nwarnacae drg chabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 281 fit: -156 chromo: tdtkb nrhnzf tojeeubzjqmbf bfwplurrbitn.rbhether tdsjnowreruhn t tamlydbcx duxcxrpwfah pgingv and akn.mqxeu oubgageoku tvctgnqp op eohtake arma a awnat acsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd hnzncfkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbf afssbep te sau w.nonsh gje nwarnacae drg chybtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 282 fit: -156 chromo: tttkb nrhnrf tojeeuvzjamnf bvsplurrbitn.rbhether tdsjnogverwhn t tamlzdbcx duxcxrpwfah pgingv and akn.mqxea oubgageoku tvctgnqp oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga evd gnzjavkoadie trtsycecw ko mofe.  ndgbf afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae prg chabtynkrate ndtfralabhocke.
gen: 283 fit: -156 chromo: txtkb nrhnzf tojeevvbjamnf bfsplurrbitn.rbhether thsjnowrerwpn t tmmlzdbcx duxcxrpwfah dgingv and acnlmqxeu oubgageoku tvctgnqp oo eohtake armc a awnyt acsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdigc evd hnzncvkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbh afssbep tf saa wlnonsh gje nwarnacae dre ahabtynkrata ndtfralebhockf.
gen: 284 fit: -156 chromo: txtkb nrhnzf tojeeuvzjqmnf bfwplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tamlzdbcx duxcxrpwbah pgingv and akn.mqxeu ouboageoku tvctgnqn oo eohtake armc a awnmt acsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnzjavkoedie trlsycecw do mofe.  ndgbf afssbep te sau wpnonsh gbe nwarnacae prg ohabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 285 fit: -156 chromo: tttkb nrhnrf tojeeuuzjqmnf bfsplurrbitn.rbhether thsjnogrerwpn t tumlzdbcx duxcxrpwfah pgingv and akn.mqxea oubgageoku tvctgnqp oo eohtake arma a awnit acsexhjw bsqulq.sdh dxbe yxabdiga exd gnzjcukoadie trdsycecw io mofe.  ndgbf afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae prg chabtynkrate ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 286 fit: -155 chromo: tttkb nrhnrf tojeeuuzjqenf bfwplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdbcx duxcxrpwvah dgingv and acn.mqxeu oubgageoku tvctgnql oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd gnzmavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacie prg chabtynkrate ndthralebhocke.
gen: 287 fit: -155 chromo: tttkb nrhnrf tojeeuuzjqenf bfwplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdbcx duxcxrpwvah dgingv and acn.mqxeu oubgageoku tvctgnql oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd gnzmavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacie prg chabtynkrate ndthralebhocke.
gen: 288 fit: -155 chromo: tttkb nrhnrf tojeeuuzjqenf bfwplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdbcx duxcxrpwvah dgingv and acn.mqxeu oubgageoku tvctgnql oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd gnzmavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacie prg chabtynkrate ndthralebhocke.
gen: 289 fit: -155 chromo: tttkb nrhnrf tojeeuubjemnf bfwplurrbitn.rbhether thsjnowrerwhn t tamlzdbcx duxcxr.gfah pgingv and akn.mqxea oubgageoku tvctgnqp oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuulq.sdh dxbe yxabdiga exd gnzjcukoedie trdsycecw io mofe. yndgbh afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae prg chabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 290 fit: -155 chromo: tttkb brhnrv tojeeuuzjqmnf bfcolurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdbcx dudcxrdwvag phingv and akn.mrxeu oubgageoku tvctgnql oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd hnzmavkoedie trdsyceaw co mofe.  ndgbe afssbep ta sau wlbonsh gje nwarnacae prg chabtynkrata ndthralebhocke.
gen: 291 fit: -155 chromo: tttkb nrhnrf tojeeqvzjqenf bfwplurrbirn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdbcx duxcxrpwvah dhingv and acn.maxeu ouagageoku tvctgnqn oo eohtake arma a awnmt acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd gnzmcfkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacie prg chabtynkrate ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 292 fit: -155 chromo: tstkb nrhnrv tojeeuuzjqenf bfwplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdbcx dudcxrpwvah pgingv and akp.mrxeu oubgageoku tvctgnql oo eohtake armc a awnmt acsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd gnzmavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbe afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae prg chabtynkrata ndthralebhocke.
gen: 293 fit: -155 chromo: tttkb nrhnrf tojeeuvzjamnf bfwppurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowberwpn t tumlzdbcx duxcxrpwvah dcingv and akn.mqxeu oubgageoku tvctgnql oo eohtake arma a awnit acsexhjw bsuuky.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnzmavkoudie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbe afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacie pbg chabtynkrate ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 294 fit: -155 chromo: tstkb nrhnrv tojeeuuzjqenf bfwplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdbcx dudcxrpwvah pgingv and akp.mrxeu oubgageoku tvctgnql oo eohtake armo a awnmt acsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd gnzmavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbe afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae prg chabtynkrata ndthralebhocke.
gen: 295 fit: -155 chromo: tttkb brhnrv tojeeuuzjqenv bfwplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdbcx dudcxrpwvag dgingv and acn.mqxeu oubgageoku vvctgnql oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga evd gnzmavkoedie trdsyceaw go mofe.  ndgbe afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae prg chabtynkrate ndthralebhocke.
gen: 296 fit: -155 chromo: tttkb nrhnrf tojeeuvzjqenf bfwplutrbixn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdbcx duxcxrpwvah ddingv and akn.mqxeu oubgageoku tvctgnqj oo eohtake armc a awnat acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbf yxabdiga exd hnzmcvkoedie trdsycedw co mofe. yndgbe afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae prg chabtynkrate ndthralebhocke.
gen: 297 fit: -155 chromo: ttxlb nrhnrf tojeeuvzjqenf bfwplurrbitn.rbhether tdsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdbcx duxcxrpwvah dgingv and ain.mqxea oubgageoku tvdtgnq. oo eohtake armc a bwnit acsexhjw bsvuly.sdg dtbm yxabdiwa exd hbzmcvkoedie trdsycecw eo mofe.  ndgbw afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae prg chabtynkrate nhtfralabhocke.
gen: 298 fit: -155 chromo: tttkb nrhntf tojeeuvzjqenf bfwolutrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowberwpn t tumlzdzcx .uxcxrpwvah dcingv and acn.mqxeu oubgageoku tvctgnqj oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbm yxabdiga evd gnzmavloedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbe afssbep tf sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae pbg chabtynkratf ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 299 fit: -155 chromo: ttdkb nrhnrv toneeuuzjqenf bfwplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdncx dudcxrpwfah phingv and akn.mqxeu oubgageoku xvctgnql oo gohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dtbe yxabdiga evd gnzmavkoadie trdsyceaw co mofe.  nddbg afssbep te sau wlbonsh gje nwarnacie prg chabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 300 fit: -154 chromo: ttxkb nrhnrf tojeeuuzjqenb bfcplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwon t tumlzdb x duxcxrpwvah dgingv and ain.iqxea ouagageoku xvctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dtbe yxabdiga exd hbzmcvkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndcbg ahssbep te sau wlbonsh gje nwarnacae prg chabtynkrate nhtfralebhocke.
gen: 301 fit: -154 chromo: tttkb brhnrf tojeeuuzjqenb bvwllurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrercon t tumlzdb x duxcxrpwvbh dgingv and ain.jqxea oubgageoku xvctgnq. oo eodtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dtbm yxabdiga exd gnzmavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndcbg ahssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae pjg chabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 302 fit: -154 chromo: ttxkb nrhnrf tojeeuuzjqenf bfwplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrercpn t tumlzdb x duxcxrpwvah dgingv and ain.nqxea ouagageoku tvctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dtbm yxabdiga exd gbzmcvkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndcbe afssbep ta sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae pbg chabtynkrata nhtfralebhocke.
gen: 303 fit: -154 chromo: tttjb nrhnrf tojeeuvzjamnf bfwplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumkzdzcx .uxcxrpwvah dwingv and akn.mrxeu oungageoku tvctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjx bsuukq.sdg dtbm yxabdiga exd gnzmavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbe afswbep tf sau wlnonsh cje nwarnacae prg chabtynkratf ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 304 fit: -154 chromo: ttxkb nrhnrf tojeeuuzlqenf bbcplurzbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerxpn t tumlzdb x duxcxrpwvah pgingv and ain.mqxea oubgageoku xrctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dtbe yxabdiwa exd fnzmcvkoedie trhsycecw co mofe.  ndcbg ahssbep te sau wlbonsh gje ncarnacae prg chabtynkrate nhtfraledhocke.
gen: 305 fit: -154 chromo: tttkb brhnrf tojeeuvzjqenb bfwplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrercon t tumlzdb x duxcxrpwvah dgingv and ain.iqxea ouagageoku xvctgnq. oo eodtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dtbe yxabdiga exd gnzmavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndcbg ahssbep te sau wlbonsh gje nwarnacae pjg chabtynkrate ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 306 fit: -154 chromo: tttkb nrhnrf tojeeuvzjqmnf bfwplurzbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdbcx duxcxrdwrah phingv and akn.iqxeu oubgageoku tvctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw zsuujq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd enzmavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndcbe afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacie lrg chabtynktate nhtfraledhocke.
gen: 307 fit: -154 chromo: ttxkb nrhnzf tojeeuvzjqmnf bfwplurzfitn.rbhether ttsinowrerxpn t tumlzdbcx duxcxrdwvah pgingv and akn.mqxea oubgageoku tvctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw zsuulq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd enzmcvkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndcbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje ncarnacae prg chabtynkrate nhtfraledhocke.
gen: 308 fit: -154 chromo: tttkb brhnrf toneeuvzjqenb bfwplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnogrercon t tumlzdb x duxcxrpwvah dcingv and akn.mqxea ouagageoku xvctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbm yxabdiga exd gnzmcvkoedie trdsicecw co mofe.  ndcbg ahssbep te sau wlbonsh gje nwarnacae pjg chabtynkrate ndtfralezhocke.
gen: 309 fit: -154 chromo: tttkb brhnrf toneeuuzjqmnf bfcplutrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumlzdb x duxcxrpwvbh phingv and akn.jqxea oubgageoku trctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dtbe yxabdiga exd fnzmavkoedie trhsycecw co mofe.  ndcbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh cje nwarnacae prg chabtynkrate ndtfraledhocke.
gen: 310 fit: -154 chromo: ttxkn nrhnrf tojeeuvajqenf bfcolutzbitn.rbhether ttsinowrerwpn t tumkzdbcx duxcxrpwvag dgingv and acn.maxeu oubgageoku tvctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt acsexhjw bsuukq.sde dxbe yxabdiwa exd fnzmcvkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbe afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae hrg chabtynkrata nhtfralebhocke.
gen: 311 fit: -154 chromo: tttkb brhnrf tojeeuvzjaenf bfwplurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrercpn t tumpzdb h duxcxrpwvah dgingv and aif.mqxea oubgageoku tvctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnat acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd gnjm vkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndcbe afssbep te sau wlbonsh gje nwarnacae pzg chart nkrate ndthralebhocke.
gen: 312 fit: -154 chromo: tttkb brhnrf tojeeuvzjqmnb bbcppurzdixn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdb x duxcxrpwbbh dgingv and ain.oqxea oubgageoku xvctgnq. oo eohtake arma a awnit assexhjw bsuulq.sdg dtbm yxabdiga exd hnzmavloedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbg ahssbep te sau wlbonsh gje nwarnacae pbg chabtynkrate ndtfraleahocke.
gen: 313 fit: -154 chromo: tttkb nrhnrf tojeeuvzjqenf bbcolurzbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumkzdb x duxcxrpwvah dgingv and ain.mqxea oubgageoku trctgnq. oo eoptake armc a awnit acsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dtbm yxubdiga exd hnzmcvkoedie trhsycecw co mofe.  ndcbg ahssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae pbg chabtynkrate nhtfralechocke.
gen: 314 fit: -154 chromo: tttkn nrhnrf tojeeuuzjqenf bfcplutzbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdbcx duxcdrdwrah dgingf and akn.mqxea oubgageoku tvctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt aksexhjw bsuuiq.sdg dxbe yxabdiwa exd gbzmovkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh gje nwarnacae lrg chabtynkrate nhtfralebhocke.
gen: 315 fit: -154 chromo: tttkb brhnrv tojfeuuzjqmnb bfcppurzbixn.rbhether trsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdb x puxcxrpwvbh dgingv and ain.mqxea oufgageoku xvctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnit assexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbm yxabdigc exd hnzmavloedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbg ahssbep te sau w.bonsh gje nwarnacae prg chabtynkratg ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 316 fit: -154 chromo: tttkn nrhnrf toneeuurjaenf dfcolurrbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdbcx duxcxrpwvag dgingv and akn.iaxeu oubgageoku tvctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt acsexhjw bsuulq.sdg dtbe yxabdiwa evd hnzm vkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndcbe afssbep te sau wlmonsh gje fwarnacie prg chabtynktase ndtfraledhocke.
gen: 317 fit: -153 chromo: tttkb brhnrf tojeeuvzjymnb bfchlurzditn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdb x .uxcxrpwbbh dgingv and ainloqxea oubgageoku xvctgnq. oo eohtake arma a awnit a sexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dnzmcvloedie trdsicecw co mofe.  ndcbg ahssbep te sau wlbonsh gje nsarnacae prg chabtynkrate ndthralechocke.
gen: 318 fit: -153 chromo: tttkb brhnrf tojfeuurjqenb bfcppurzbixn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwpn t tumlzdb x duxsxrpwvah pgingv and akn.mqxea oubgageoku tvctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnit a sexhjw zsuukq.sdg dtbm yxabdigc evd fnzmavloedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbg ahssbep te sau wlbonsh gje nwarnacae pbg chabtynkratg ndtfraleahocke.
gen: 319 fit: -153 chromo: tttkn brhnzf tojfeuvbjqenf bfwplutzbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwon t tumlrdb x duxcxrpwvae pgingv and akn.iaxea oubgageoku trctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt acsexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxbbdiwa exd gnzmcvkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndcbe afswbep te sau wlbonsh gie pwarnacae lrg chabtynkrate nhtfralebhocke.
gen: 320 fit: -153 chromo: tttkn brhnzf tojfeuvbjqenf bf plurzditn.rbhether ttsjnowrercon t tumkzdb x duxcxrpwvae pgingv and akn.maxeu ouvgageoku tvctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt aasexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe yxabdiwa exd gnzmcvloedie trdsycecw co mofe. sndhbe afswbep te sau wlbonsh gje nwarnacae lrg chabtynkrate nttfralebhocke.
gen: 321 fit: -153 chromo: tttkb brhnrf tojfeuvrjqenf bfcplurzditn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwon t tumlzdb x .uxcxrpwrah pgingv and ain.iqxea oubgageoku trctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe yxbbdiwa exd gnzmcvkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbg ahswbep te sau wlbonsh cje nwarnacae prg chabtynkrata ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 322 fit: -153 chromo: tttkn brhnzf tojfeuvbjqenf bfwplutrbixn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwon t tumlrdb x cuxcxrpwvae pgingv and aim.iaxea oubgageoku tvwtgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt aksexhjw bsaukq.sdg dxbm ywbbdiga exd gnzmavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  nddbu afssbep te sau wlbonsh gie nwarnacae prg chabtynkrate ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 323 fit: -153 chromo: tttkn brhnrf tojeeuvbjqenf bb hluzzbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerdon t tumlzdbcx duxkxrpwvae ngingv and akn maxea oubgageoku trctgnq. oc eohtake armc a awnmt aasexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxbbdiwa exd gbzmcvkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbe afswbep te sau wlbonsh gie nwarnacae prg chabtynkrate ndtfralebhocke.
gen: 324 fit: -152 chromo: ttskn brhnrf tojeeuuzjyenf bbsplurzditn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumlzdbyx .uxcxrdwvae dgingv and aknlmaxeu oubgageoku trctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bwuulq.sdg dxbm yxabdiwa exd cnzmcvloedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbe ahswbep te sau wlbonsh gje nwarnacae lrg chabtynkrate nhtfraleahocke.
gen: 325 fit: -152 chromo: ttskn brhnrf tojeeuuzjyenf bbsplurzditn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumlzdbyx .uxcxrdwvae dgingv and aknlmaxeu oubgageoku trctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bwuulq.sdg dxbm yxabdiwa exd cnzmcvloedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbe ahswbep te sau wlbonsh gje nwarnacae lrg chabtynkrate nhtfraleahocke.
gen: 326 fit: -152 chromo: ttskn brhnrf tojeeuuzjyenf bbsplurzditn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumlzdbyx .uxcxrdwvae dgingv and aknlmaxeu oubgageoku trctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bwuulq.sdg dxbm yxabdiwa exd cnzmcvloedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbe ahswbep te sau wlbonsh gje nwarnacae lrg chabtynkrate nhtfraleahocke.
gen: 327 fit: -152 chromo: ttskn brhnrf tojeeuuzjyenf bbsplurzditn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumlzdbyx .uxcxrdwvae dgingv and aknlmaxeu oubgageoku trctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bwuulq.sdg dxbm yxabdiwa exd cnzmcvloedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbe ahswbep te sau wlbonsh gje nwarnacae lrg chabtynkrate nhtfraleahocke.
gen: 328 fit: -152 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuujjyenf bfwplutrditn.bbhethercttsjnowrerxon t tumlzdbcx  uxcxrdwvae pgingv and akn.maxea oubgageoku trctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywbbdiga exd gnzmcvloedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbe afswbep te sau wlbonsh gje nwarnacae prg chabtynkrate nhtfralebhocke.
gen: 329 fit: -152 chromo: ttskn brhnrf tojeeuuijqenb bbsplurzbixn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwon t tumlzdbyx  uxcdrpsvae dgingv and akn.maxea oubgageoku trctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd cbzmcvkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndgbg afswbep te sau wlbonsh gje nwarnacae lrg chabtynkrate nhtfraleahocke.
gen: 330 fit: -152 chromo: tttkn brhnrf tozeeuvzjyenf bfwplutzbitn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwon t tumljdb d duxctrdwrae pgingv and aknloqxea oubgageoku tvctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbm yxaadiwa exd cnzmcvloedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbe ahswbep te sau wlbonsh aie nwarnacae lrg chabtynkrate nhtfraleuhocke.
gen: 331 fit: -152 chromo: ttskn brhnrf tojeeuuzjyenf bbsplurzditn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumlzdbyx .uxcxrdwvae dgingv and aknlmaxeu oubgageoku trctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bwuulq.sdg dxbm yxabdiwa exd cnzmcvloedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbe ahswbep te sau wlbonsh gje nwarnacae lrg chabtynkrate nhtfraleahocke.
gen: 332 fit: -151 chromo: tttkn brhnrf tojfeuvrjqenb bvcplurzdixn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwon t tuml.db x .uxcxrpwbae pgingx and aim.myxea ouvgageoku xvctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd hbrmavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbg ahssbep te sau wlbonsh wje hwarnacae prg chabtynkrata ndtdralechocke.
gen: 333 fit: -151 chromo: tttkn brhnrf tojfeuvrjqenb bvcplurzdixn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwon t tuml.db x .uxcxrpwbae pgingx and aim.myxea ouvgageoku xvctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd hbrmavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbg ahssbep te sau wlbonsh wje hwarnacae prg chabtynkrata ndtdralechocke.
gen: 334 fit: -151 chromo: tttkn brhnrf tojfeuvrjqenb bvcplurzdixn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwon t tuml.db x .uxcxrpwbae pgingx and aim.myxea ouvgageoku xvctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd hbrmavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbg ahssbep te sau wlbonsh wje hwarnacae prg chabtynkrata ndtdralechocke.
gen: 335 fit: -151 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuvjjyenf dbshlurzdixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumlzdb x duxcxrdwvae dgingv and akn.maxea oubgageoku trctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbm yxabdiga exd cnzmovkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbg afswbep te sau wlbonsh gje nwarnacae lrg chabtynkrate nhtfralebhocke.
gen: 336 fit: -151 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuurjqenf bfcolurrditn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumlzdbyx .uxcxrpwrbe pgingx and akntmqxeu oubgageoku xrctgny. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd gnzmcvloedie trdsicecw co mofe.  ndgbg ahscbep te sau wlbonsh gje nwarnacae prg chabtynkrate nhtfralebhocke.
gen: 337 fit: -151 chromo: tttkn brhnrf tojeeuvrjsenb bvcplurzditn.rbhether ttsjnowrerwon t tuml.dbyx  uxctrpwbae pgingx and ain.myxea ouvgageoku tvctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd gbrmavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlbonqh wje hwarnacae prg chabtynkrata ndthraleahocke.
gen: 338 fit: -150 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojfeuvrjqenf dvwhlurzdixn.rbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumltdb x .uxcwrpwbae pgingx and ain.mqxea oubgageoku trctgnq. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbm yxabdiga exd hbrmavkoedie trdsicecw co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlbonsh gje hwarnacae lbg chabtynkrata nhtdraleahocke.
gen: 339 fit: -150 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojfeuvrjqenf dvwplurrdixn.rbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tuml.db x .uxcwrdwbae pgingx and akn.mixeu oubgageoku xrctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bwuukq.sdg dxbe ywabhiga exd dbrmavloedie trdsicecw co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlbgnsh gje hwarnacae lbg chabtynkrata nhthraleahocke.
gen: 340 fit: -150 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojfeuvrjqenf dvwhlurzdixn.rbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumltdb x .uxcwrpwbae pgingx and ain.mqxea oubgageoku trctgnq. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbm yxabdiga exd hbrmavkoedie trdsicecw co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlbonsh gje hwarnacae lbg chabtynkrata nhtdraleahocke.
gen: 341 fit: -150 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojfeuvrjqenf dvcplutrdixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tuml.db t .uxcxrowbae pgingx and ain.maxea oubgageoku trctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sehhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd hbrmavloedie trdsicecc co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlbonsh eje hwarnacae prg chabtynkrata nhtfralebhocke.
gen: 342 fit: -150 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuubiqenf bvcplutzditn.bbhether ttsjnowrerwon t tuml.db x .uxcxrowvae pgingv and aim.maxea ouvgageoku drwtenq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd hnzmavlogdie trdsycecc co mofe.  ndhbe afssbep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacae lrg chabtynkrate ndtfralevhocke.
gen: 343 fit: -150 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojfeuvrjqenf bfwhlurzdixn.rjhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumltdbyx .uxcxrpwzae pgingx and akn.mqxea oubgageoku trctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuuks.sdg dxbm yxabdiga exd cnrmavkoedie trdsigecw co mofe.  ndhbe afswbep te sau wlbonsh eje hwarnacae lbg ohabtynkrate nhtbraleahocke.
gen: 344 fit: -150 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuvbiqmnf bfcplutrbitn.bbhether ttsjnowrerwon t tumltdb x .uxcxrpwvae pgingx and akn.mixea ouvgageoku xbwtenq. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbm yxabdiga exd hnrmcvkohdie tqdsygecw co mofe.  ndhbe ahssbep te sau wlbonsh eje hwarnacae lrg chabtynkrate nhthraleuhocke.
gen: 345 fit: -150 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojfeuurjqenf bv plurzditn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tuml.dbyx .uxcxrowvae pgingx and ain.mqxea oubgageoku trwtenq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuulq.shg dxbe ywabdiga exd gnrmavkogdie trdsycecg co mofe.  ndfbg afssbep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacae lrg chabtynkrata ndtfralevhocke.
gen: 346 fit: -150 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuurjqenf nfwplurrdixn.rbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tuml.db x .uxcdrpwbae ngingv and ain.mqxea oubgageoku tvctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbm yxabdiga exd dnzmcvloedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbo afssbep te sau wlbonsh gje hwarnacae pbg chabtynkrata nhtfraleahocke.
gen: 347 fit: -150 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojfeuvrjqenb bvwplutrdixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tuml.db t duxcxrowbae hgingx and ain.mixea oubgageoku trctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd dnrmavkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlbonsh hje hwarnacae pbg chabtynkrata nhtfralebhocke.
gen: 348 fit: -149 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuvqiqenf bvsplutzbixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerhon t tumjtdb x  uxcxr.wzbe pgingv and akn.mqxea oubgageoku drctgnq. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmcvloedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbg ahssbep te sau wlnonsh gie hwarnacae ldg ahmbtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 349 fit: -149 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuvqiqenf bvsplutzbixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerhon t tumjtdb x  uxcxr.wzbe pgingv and akn.mqxea oubgageoku drctgnq. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmcvloedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbg ahssbep te sau wlnonsh gie hwarnacae ldg ahmbtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 350 fit: -149 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuvqiqenf bvsplutzbixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerhon t tumjtdb x  uxcxr.wzbe pgingv and akn.mqxea oubgageoku drctgnq. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmcvloedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbg ahssbep te sau wlnonsh gie hwarnacae ldg ahmbtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 351 fit: -149 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojfeuvriqunf bvsplurzbixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumltdb x  uxcwrdwzae pgingv and akn.myxea oubgageoku frctgnq. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukr.shg dxbe ywabdiga exd hbzmcvloedie trdsycecc co mofe.  ndhbe afssbep te sau wlbonsh gje hwarnacae ldg ahmbtynkrata nhthraledhocke.
gen: 352 fit: -149 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuuqiqumf bvsplutzdiwn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumj.db x suxcxrcwzae pgingv and ain.myxea oubcageoku hrctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukqlsdg dxbf ywabdiga exd dbrmcvloedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlbonsh gje hwarnacae lrg ahabtynkrata nhtfralechocke.
gen: 353 fit: -149 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuvqiqenf bvsplutzbixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerhon t tumjtdb x  uxcxr.wzbe pgingv and akn.mqxaa oubgageoku drctgnq. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmcvloedie trbsycecw co mofe.  ndhbg ahssbep te sau wlnonsh gie hwarnacae ldg ahmbtynkrate nhthralechocke.
gen: 354 fit: -149 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojfeuvqiqenf dfsplurzbitn.bbhether ttslnocrergon t tumi.db x  uxcxr.wrae dgingx and akn.mqxea oubgageoka tvctgnq. oc eohtake armc a asnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dnrmcvkoepie trdsycecc co mofe.  ndhbg afssfep te saa wlnonsh wje hwarnacae ldg chmbtynkrate nhthralechocke.
gen: 355 fit: -149 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojfeuvriqenb dfsplutzdixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerwon t tumltdb x .uxcwr.wzae ngingv and akn.myxea oubgageoka drctgnq. oo eohtake armc a aunmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd hnzmcvloedie trdsyceco co mofe.  ndhbe afssbep te sau wlbonsh gie hwarnacae ldw chmbtynkrata nhthraledhocke.
gen: 356 fit: -149 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojfeuuqiqenb dvsplutzdixn.rbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumltdb x .uhdwr.czae pgingf and akn.mqxea oubgageoku trctgna. oo eohtake armw a awnmt a sexhjw bquukq.sdg dxbe yxabdiga exd gbrmcvloedie trdsycecg co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te saa wlbonsh wie hwarnacae lbg chmbtynkrata ndtbraledhocke.
gen: 357 fit: -148 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuuqiqenf bvsplutzdixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumj.db t .ufcwr.wzae pgingf and akn.mqxea oubgageoku drctgnq. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.shg dxbe ywabdiga exd hbrmavloedie trdsycecg co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh gie hwarnacae ldg chmbtynkrata nhthralebhocke.
gen: 358 fit: -148 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuuqiqenf bvsplutzdixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumj.db t .ufcwr.wzae pgingf and akn.mqxea oubgageoku drctgnq. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.shg dxbe ywabdiga exd hbrmavloedie trdsycecg co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh gie hwarnacae ldg chmbtynkrata nhthralebhocke.
gen: 359 fit: -147 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuuqiqenf dvsplutzditn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumi.db t dufcwr.wzae pgingf and akn.mqxea oubgageoka drctgnq. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmavloedie trdsycecg co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chmbtynkrata nhthraledhocke.
gen: 360 fit: -147 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuuqiqenf dvsplutzditn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumi.db t dufcwr.wzae pgingf and akn.mqxea oubgageoka drctgnq. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmavloedie trdsycecg co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chmbtynkrata nhthraledhocke.
gen: 361 fit: -147 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuuqiqenf dvsplutzditn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumi.db t dufcwr.wzae pgingf and akn.mqxea oubgageoka drctgnq. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmavloedie trdsycecg co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chmbtynkrata nhthraledhocke.
gen: 362 fit: -147 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuuqiqenf dvsplutzditn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumi.db t dufcwr.wzae pgingf and akn.mqxea oubgageoka drctgnq. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmavloedie trdsycecg co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chmbtynkrata nhthraledhocke.
gen: 363 fit: -147 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojfeuuqiqenf xfsplutzdixn.bbhether ttsjnocrerdon t tumitdb x  ufdxr.wzae pgingv and akm.mqxea oubgageoka tvctgna. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd hbrmcvloedie trdsyceco co mofe. kndhbg afssbep te saa wlnonsh gje hwarfacae ldg chmbtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 364 fit: -147 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojfeuuqiqenf xfsplutzdixn.bbhether ttsjnocrerdon t tumitdb x  ufdxr.wzae pgingv and akm.mqxea oubgageoka tvctgna. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd hbrmcvloedie trdsyceco co mofe. kndhbg afssbep te saa wlnonsh gje hwarfacae ldg chmbtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 365 fit: -147 chromo: tx kn brhnrf tojeeuuqjqenf dvsplurzditn.dbhether ttsjnocrerson t tumi.db x  uxdxr.wzae dgingv and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctgnq. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuu.q.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd hbrmcvkoedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te saa wlnonsh wie hwarjacae ldg chmbtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 366 fit: -147 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojfeuuqiqenf dfsplutzditn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumi.db t dufcwr.wzae pgingf and akn.mqxea oubgageoka drctgna. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sbg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmcvloedie trbsycecc co mofe.  ndhbe afssbep te saa wlnonsh wie hwarnacce ldg chmbtynkrata nhthraledhocke.
gen: 367 fit: -147 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojfeubqiqenb bvwplutzdixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerdon t tumi.db t .ufawr.wzae pgingf and akn.mqxea oubgageoku drctgna. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ysabdiga exd cbrmcvkoedie trdsycecg co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te saa wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldw chmbtynkrata nhthralebhocke.
gen: 368 fit: -146 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuuqjqenb dvsplurzditn.bbhether ttsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae dgingn and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctgnq. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmcvkoedie trdsycecg co mofe.  ndhbe afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarjacae ldg chmbtynktata nhthralechocke.
gen: 369 fit: -146 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuaqiqenb dvsplurzdixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and akn.msxea oubgageoka trctgnq. oc eohtake armc a aunmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmavkoedie trbsycecg co mofe.  ndhbe afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldw chmbtynktata nhthralechocke.
gen: 370 fit: -146 chromo: tt on brhnrf tojbeuuqiqenf xvsplurzbixn.bbhether t.sjnocrergon t tumitdb x  uxdwr.wzbe pgingv and akm.msvea oubgageoku trctgna. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuu q.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd hbrmcvloedie trdsyceco co mofe.  ndhbg ahssbep te saa wlnonsh wie hwarbacae ldg chmbtynkra.a ndthralechocke.
gen: 371 fit: -146 chromo: tt on brhnrf tojbeuuqiqenf xvsplurzbixn.bbhether t.sjnocrergon t tumitdb x  uxdwr.wzbe pgingv and akm.msvea oubgageoku trctgna. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuu q.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd hbrmcvloedie trdsyceco co mofe.  ndhbg ahssbep te saa wlnonsh wie hwarbacae ldg chmbtynkra.a ndthralechocke.
gen: 372 fit: -146 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojfeuqqjqenb dfsplutzdixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae dgingf and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctgna. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe ywabdiwa exd dbtmcvkoedie trdsycecg co mofe. sndhbe afssbep te sau wlnonsh gie hwarjacie ldw chmbtynkrata nhthraleahocke.
gen: 373 fit: -146 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojfeuuqjqenb dfsplutzdixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerhon t dumi.db x .ufcxr.wzae pgingf and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctgna. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuulq.sdg dxbe ywabdiwa exd dntmcvloedie trbsycecg co mofe.  ndhbe afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacie ldw chmbtynkrata nhthraleahocke.
gen: 374 fit: -145 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuuqiqenf tvshlutzdixn.bbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and akn.msxea oubgageoka drctgnq. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd hbrmavloedie trbsycecg co mofe. kndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chmbtynktata nhthralechocke.
gen: 375 fit: -145 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojeeuuqiqenf tvshlutzdixn.bbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and akn.msxea oubgageoka drctgnq. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd hbrmavloedie trbsycecg co mofe. kndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chmbtynktata nhthralechocke.
gen: 376 fit: -145 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqiqenf tvsplurzbitn.bbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and akn.msxea oubgageoka trctgnq. oc.eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd hbrmcvloedie trdsyceco co mofe. kndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chmbtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 377 fit: -144 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqiqenf tvsplutzdixn.bbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingf and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctgna. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhiw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmcvloedie trdsyceco co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chmbtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 378 fit: -144 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqiqenf tvsplutzdixn.bbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingf and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctgna. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhiw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmcvloedie trdsyceco co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chmbtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 379 fit: -144 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqiqenf tvsplutzdixn.bbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingf and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctgna. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhiw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmcvloedie trdsyceco co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chmbtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 380 fit: -144 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqiqenf tvshlutzdixn.bbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctgna. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhiw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmavloedie trdsycecg co mofe. kndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chmbtynktata nhthralechocke.
gen: 381 fit: -144 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqiqenf txsplutzlixn.bbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingf and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctgna. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhiw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmcvloedie trdsyceco co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chmbtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 382 fit: -143 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf txsplutzlixn.bbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingf and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctgna. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhiw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmcvloedie trdsyceco co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chmbtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 383 fit: -143 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf txsplutzlixn.bbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingf and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctgna. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhiw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmcvloedie trdsyceco co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chmbtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 384 fit: -143 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf txsplutzlixn.bbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingf and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctgna. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhiw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmcvloedie trdsyceco co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chmbtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 385 fit: -143 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf txsplutzditn.bbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctgna. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmcvloedie trdsysecg co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wje hwarnacae ldw chmbtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 386 fit: -143 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf txsplutzlixn.bbhether trsjnowrerxon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingf and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctgna. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhiw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywcbdiga exd dbrmcvloedie trdsyceco co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chmbtynk.ata nhthralechocke.
gen: 387 fit: -143 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf txsplutzlixn.bbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctgna. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhiw bseukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbvmcxloedie trdsyceco co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chmbtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 388 fit: -143 chromo: tt kn brhnzf tolbeuuqaqenf txsplutzditn.bbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctgna. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmcvjoedie trdsysecg co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wje hwarnacae ldw chmbtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 389 fit: -143 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf txsplutzlixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerhon t tumi.db w .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and aknsmshea oubgageoka trctgna. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdiga exd hbrmcvloedie trdsysecg co mofe. kndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldw chmbtynkrada nhthralechocke.
gen: 390 fit: -142 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.bbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and aknlmsdea oubgageoku tvctona. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.skg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmavloedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wje hwarnacae ldg chmatynk.ata nhthralechocke.
gen: 391 fit: -142 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.bbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and aknlmsdea oubgageoku tvctona. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.skg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmavloedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wje hwarnacae ldg chmatynk.ata nhthralechocke.
gen: 392 fit: -142 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.bbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and aknlmsdea oubgageoku tvctona. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.skg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmavloedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wje hwarnacae ldg chmatynk.ata nhthralechocke.
gen: 393 fit: -142 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.bbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and aknlmsdea oubgageoku tvctona. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.skg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmavloedie trdsycecw co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wje hwarnacae ldg chmatynk.ata nhthralechocke.
gen: 394 fit: -142 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuqqaqenf thsplutzlixn.dbhether trsjnowrerton t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wyae pgingn and akjlmsdea oubgageoka tvctgna. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhiw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywcbdiga exd dbvmcvloedie trdsycecg co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldc chmatynk.ata nhthralechocke.
gen: 395 fit: -142 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzlixn.bbhether trsjnowrerton t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingf and akn.msxea oubgageokb tvctgna. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhiw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywazdiga exd hbrmavloedie trdsyseco co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae lds chmbtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 396 fit: -142 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon t tumi.db w .ufdxr.gzae pgingn and akntmsxea oubgageoku tvctgna. oo eohtake armc a aunmt a sexhiw bsuukq.slg dxbe ywabdiga exd hbrmcvloedie trdsysecc co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wdfonsh wje hwarnacae ltg chmatynkzata nhthralechocke.
gen: 397 fit: -142 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf txsplutzlixn.bbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db w .ufdxr.wzae pgingf and aknsmshea oubgageoka tvctgna. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.scg dxbe ywabdiga etd dbrmavloedie trbsysecc co mofe. .ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wje hwarnacae ldw chebtynktada nhthralechocke.
gen: 398 fit: -142 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.bbhether trsjnowrerxon t tumi.db w .ufdxr.wzae pgingf and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctgna. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bseukq.skg dxbe ywazdiga exd dbrmavloudie trdsycecc co mofe. kndhbg afswbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg chmbtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 399 fit: -141 chromo: tt kn brpnbf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzlitn.bbhether trsjnowrerhon t .umi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and akntmsxea oubgageoka trctgna. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.scg dxbe ywabdiga exd dbrmcvloadie trdsysecw co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlfonwh wie hwarnacae ldw chebtynkzata nhthralechocke.
gen: 400 fit: -141 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wyae pgingf and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctona. oo eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.skg dxbe ywazdiga exd dbumavloudie trbsyseco co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg cheatynkzata nhthralechocke.
gen: 401 fit: -141 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzlixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerhon tktumi.db w .ufdxr.wzae pgingf and akncmshea oubgageoka tvctgna. oc eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.scg dxbe ywabdiga exd hbrmavloedie trdsysecc co mofe. lndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ktw cheatynktada nhthralechocke.
gen: 402 fit: -141 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wyae pgingf and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctona. oo eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.skg dxbe ywazdiga exd dbumavloudie trbsyseco co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg cheatynkzata nhthralechocke.
gen: 403 fit: -141 chromo: tt kb brpnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wyae pgingf and akn.mshea oubgageoku tvctona. oo eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhiw bsuukq.skg dxbe ywavdiga exd dbumcvloudie trdsycecg co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldx cheatynk.ata nhthralechocke.
gen: 404 fit: -141 chromo: tt kn brpnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzlixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and aknomsxea oubgageoka tvctgna. oo eohtake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.scg dxbe ywazdiga exd dbvmcfloadie trbsysecw cp mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlfonsh wje hwarnacae ltg chectanktata nhthralechocke.
gen: 405 fit: -141 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzlixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerxon tk.umi.db x dufdxr.wyae pcingn and aknsmsdea oubgageoka tvctgna. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.scg dxbe ywabdiga exd hbrmavloedie tvdsyseco co mofe. kndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chebtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 406 fit: -141 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.bbhether ttsjnowrerhon t tumi.db w .ufdxr.wzae pgingf and akn espea oubgageoka tvctgna. oo eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.scg dxbe ywabdiga exd hbumavloedie trbsyseco co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlfonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg chebtynkzada nhthralechocke.
gen: 407 fit: -140 chromo: tt kn brpnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thspkutzjitn.bbhether trsjnowterhon t tumi.db x .ufcxr.wzae pgingn and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctona. oo eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjw bsuukq.scg dxbe ywazdiga edd tbumcvloedie trdsycecg co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacce ldg cheatynktata nhthralechocke.
gen: 408 fit: -140 chromo: tt kn brpnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thspkutzjitn.bbhether trsjnowterhon t tumi.db x .ufcxr.wzae pgingn and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctona. oo eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjw bsuukq.scg dxbe ywazdiga edd tbumcvloedie trdsycecg co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacce ldg cheatynktata nhthralechocke.
gen: 409 fit: -140 chromo: tt kn brpnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thspkutzjitn.bbhether trsjnowterhon t tumi.db x .ufcxr.wzae pgingn and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctona. oo eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjw bsuukq.scg dxbe ywazdiga edd tbumcvloedie trdsycecg co mofe.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacce ldg cheatynktata nhthralechocke.
gen: 410 fit: -140 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thspkutzjitn.dbhether trsjnowterxon t tumi.db x .ufdxr.wyae pgingf and aknsmsxea oubgageoka tvctona. oo eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.scg dxbe ywabdiga edd tbvmavloedie tvdsysecg co mofe. .ndhbg afssbep te sau wlfonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg chebtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 411 fit: -140 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thspkutzjitn.dbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdvr.wyae pgingf and aknsmsdea oubgageoka tvctgna. oo eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.scg dxbe ywabdiga exd tbvmcvloedie trdsysecg co mofe. lndhbg afssbep te sau wlvonsh wie hwarnacse ldg chebtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 412 fit: -140 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon tktumi db w .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and akntmsxea oubgageoka tvctonq. oc eontake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.skg dxbe ywabdigc exd dbvmavloudie trbsyseco co more. yndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wje hwarnacqe ldg chebtynkzata nhthralechocke.
gen: 413 fit: -140 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thspkutzjitn.dbhether trsjnowrerhon t tumi.db x .ufdvr.wyae pgingf and aknsmsdea oubgageola tvctgna. oo eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.scg dxbe ywabdiga exd tbvmcvloedie trdsysecg co mofe. lndhbg afssbep te sau wlvonsh wie hwarnacse ldg chebtynkrata nhthralechocke.
gen: 414 fit: -139 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dbhether ttsjnosterxon tktumi.db x .ufhxr.wzae pgingn and akn.msxea oubgageoku tvctona. oo eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.scg dxbe ywabdigc exd tbvmavloedie trdsycecg co mofe. cndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg  heatynksata nhthralechocke.
gen: 415 fit: -139 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dbhether ttsjnosterxon tktumi.db x .ufhxr.wzae pgingn and akn.msxea oubgageoku tvctona. oo eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.scg dxbe ywabdigc exd tbvmavloedie trdsycecg co mofe. cndhbg afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg  heatynksata nhthralechocke.
gen: 416 fit: -139 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon tktumi.db w .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and akntmsxea oubgageoka tvctona. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhju bsuukq.skg dxbe iwabdigc exd tbumavloudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbw afssbep te sau wlfonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg chebtynkrata nhthralmchocke.
gen: 417 fit: -139 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon tktumi.db w .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and akntmsxea oubgageoka tvctona. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhju bsuukq.skg dxbe iwabdigc exd tbumavloudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbw afssbep te sau wlfonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg chebtynkrata nhthralmchocke.
gen: 418 fit: -139 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon tktumi.db w .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and akntmsxea oubgageoka tvctona. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhju bsuukq.skg dxbe iwabdigc exd tbumavloudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbw afssbep te sau wlvonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg chebtynkrata nhthralmchocke.
gen: 419 fit: -139 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon tktumi.db w .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and akntmsxea oubgageoka tvctona. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhju bsuukq.skg dxbe iwabdigc exd tbumavloudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbw afssbep te sau wlfonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg chebtynkrata nhthralmchocke.
gen: 420 fit: -139 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon tktumi.dbyw .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctona. oc eoftake armc a awnpt a sexhju bsuukq.scg dxbe ywabdigc exd tbumcv.oedie trdsyseco co more.  ndhbg afssfep te sau wlvonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg chebtynotata nhthralechocke.
gen: 421 fit: -139 chromo: tt in brxnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon t tumi.dbyw .ufhxr.wzae pgingn and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctona. oc eoftake armc a awnnt a sexhju bsuukq.scg dxbe ywabdigc exd tbumav.oedie trdsyseco co more.  ndhbg afssfep te sau wlvonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg cheatynotata nhthralechocke.
gen: 422 fit: -139 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeauqaqepf thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon t tumi.db w .ufdxr.uzae pgingn and aknsmsxea oubgageoka tvctona. oo eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhje bsuukq.skg dxbe iwazcigc exd tbumcvloudie trdsysecg co more.  ndhbw afssbep te sau wlbonsh wie hcarnacqe ldg cheatyforata nhthralechocke.
gen: 423 fit: -139 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon t tumi.dbyw .ufdxr.wzae pgingn and akntmsxea oubgageoka tvctona. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhju bsuukq.scg dxbe iwabdiga exd tbumavloedie trdsyseco co more.  ndhbg afssbep te sau wlfonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg chebtynktata nhthralmchocke.
gen: 424 fit: -138 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dahether trsjnosrerxon t tumi.dbyw .ufhxr.wzae pgingf and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctona. oc eoftake armc a awnnt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdigc edd tbumav.oedie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs fep te sau wlvonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg chebtynosata nhthralechocke.
gen: 425 fit: -138 chromo: tt ib brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dahether trsjnowrerxon t tumi.db w tufhxr.wzae pgingn and akn.msxea oungageoka tvctona. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdigc edd tbumav.oudie trbsysecg co more.  ndhbg afs fep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg chebtynosata nhthralechocke.
gen: 426 fit: -138 chromo: tt ib brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dahether trsjnowrerxon t tumi.db w tufhxr.wzae pgingn and akn.msxea oungageoka tvctona. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdigc edd tbumav.oudie trbsysecg co more.  ndhbg afs fep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg chebtynosata nhthralechocke.
gen: 427 fit: -138 chromo: tt ib brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon t tumi.db w tufhxr.wzae pgingn and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctonq. oc eoftake armc a awnnt a sexhje bsuukq.scg dxbe ywabdigc exd tbvmavloudie trbsysecg co more. cndhbg afssfep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg chebt nksata nhthralechocke.
gen: 428 fit: -138 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqepe thspdutzjixn.dahether trsjnowrerxon t tumi.dbyw .ufhxr.wzae pgingf and akn.msxea oubgageoka tvctona. oc eoftake armc a awnnt a sexhjw bsuukq.stg dxbe iwabdigc edd tbvmav.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs fep te sau wlfonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg chebtynosata nhthralechocke.
gen: 429 fit: -138 chromo: tt ib brhnrf tojbeuuqaqepf thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon t tumi.db w tufhxr.wzae pgingn and akn.msxea oubgageola tvctonq. oc goftake armc a awnnt a sexhjw bsuukq.scg dxbe ywabdigc edd tbvmav.oudie trbsysecg co more. cndpbg afssbep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg chebt nosata nhthralechocka.
gen: 430 fit: -138 chromo: tt in brpnrf tojbeuuqaqene thsplutzjixn.dahether trsjnowrerxon t tumi.db w tufdxr.wzae pgingn and akntmsxea oungageoka tvctonq. oo eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywabdigc exd tbumavloudie trbsysekg ao more.  ndhbg afs fep te sau wlnonsh gie hwarnacqe ldg chebtyncsata nhthralechocke.
gen: 431 fit: -138 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuraqenf thsplutzjitn.dahether trsjnosrerxon tktumi.db w .ufhxr.wzae pgingf and acbtmsxea oubgageoka tvctona. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhju bsuukq.scg dxbf ywazdigc exd tbvmavloudie trbsyseco co more.  ndpbw afssbep te sau wlfonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg chebtynosata nhthralechocke.
gen: 432 fit: -138 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqene thspdutzlitn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon tktumi.db w .ufdxr.wzae pgingf and akntmsxea oungageoka tvctona. oo eoftake armc a awnnt a sexhju bsuukq.sdg dxbe iwabdigc edd tbvmav.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs fep te sau wlfonsh wie hwarnacqe lbg chebtynksata nhthralmchocke.
gen: 433 fit: -138 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqene thspdutzlitn.ddhether trsjnowrerxon tktumi.db w .ufdxr.wzae pgingf and akntmsxea oungageoka tvctona. oo eoftake armc a awnnt a sexhju bsuukq.sdg dxbe iwabdigc edd tbvmav.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs fep te sau wlfonsh wie hwarnacqe lbg chebtynksata nhthralmchocke.
gen: 434 fit: -138 chromo: tt kn brfnrf tobbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon t tumi.db w .ufhxr.wzae pgingf and akb.msxea oujgageola tvctonb. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhzw bsuukq.sdg dxbe ywaztiga exd tbvmav.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afssbep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg cheatymosata nhthralewhocke.
gen: 435 fit: -138 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqene thspdutzlitn.ddhether trsjnowrerxon tktumi.db w .ufdxr.wzae pgingf and akntmsxea oungageoka tvdtona. oo eoftake armc a awnnt a sexhju bsuukq.sdg dxbe iwabdigc edd tbvmav.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs fep te sau wlfonsh wie hwarnacqe lbg chebtynksata nhthralmchocke.
gen: 436 fit: -138 chromo: tt kn brhnbf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dahether trsjnowrerxon t tumi.db w .ufdxr.wzae poingn and acntmsdea oungageoka tvctona. oo eoftake armc a agnmt a sexhje bsuukq.scg dxbe iwaadigc exd tbumav.oedie trjsyseco co more.  ndpbg afs bep te sau wlvonsh wie hwarnacye ldg chebtynksata nhthralmchocke.
gen: 437 fit: -138 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thspcutzjixn.dahether trsjnowrerxon tktumitdb w tufdxr.wyae poingn and aknsmsdea oubgageoka tvatona. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhju bsuukq.scg dxbe ywabdiga exd tbumcvloudie trbsysece co more.  ndhbu afs bep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacqe lcg cheatynosata nhtfraluchocke.
gen: 438 fit: -138 chromo: tt yn drhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dahether trsjnowrerxon t tumi.db w .ufhxr.wyae poingn and akn.msxea oujeageoka tvctona. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexgjg bsuukr.scg.dxbe ywabdigc exd tbvmav.oedie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbg afssfep te sau wknonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg chebt nksada nhthralechocke.
gen: 439 fit: -137 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqene thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon tktumiddb w .ufhxr.wzae nwingf and akn.msxea oubgageokm tvctona. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ywabdigc exd tbumav.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbe afs fep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chebtynosata nhthralechocke.
gen: 440 fit: -137 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqene thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon tktumiddb w .ufhxr.wzae nwingf and akn.msxea oubgageokm tvctona. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq skg dxbe ywabdigc exd tbumav.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbe afs fep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chebtynosata nhthralechocke.
gen: 441 fit: -137 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqene thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon tktumiddb w .ufhxr.wzae nwingf and akn.msxea oubgageokm tvctona. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ywabdigc exd tbumav.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbe afs fep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chebt nosata nhthralechocke.
gen: 442 fit: -137 chromo: tt in drhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon t tumi.db w .ufdxr.wyae pgingn and akntmsxea oujgageoka tvctone. oo eoftake armc a awnmt a sexgjw bswukq.slg dvbe iwabdigc exd tbumav.oedie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbg afssfep te sae wknonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg chebt nksata nhthralechocke.
gen: 443 fit: -137 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqene thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon tktumi.db w .ubhxr.wyae pwingf and akn msxea oubgageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bswukq.slg dvbe ywabdigc exd tbumav.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbe afs fep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chebtynosata nhthralechocke.
gen: 444 fit: -137 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon t tumi.db w .ufdxr.wyae pgingf and aknsmsxea oungageoka tvctone. oo eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhju bswukq.slg dvbe iwabdigc exd tbumav.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbg afs fep te sae wlnonsh wie hwarnacqe ldg chebtynosata ndthralechocke.
gen: 445 fit: -137 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqene thspdutziixn.ddhether trsjnosrerxon tktumi.db w .ufdxr.wyae ngingf and akn msdea oubgageoka tbctona. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhbf bsuukq.scg ddbe ywabdigc evd tbvmyv.ofdie trjsysecg co more.  ndhbe afs fep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chebtynksata nhthralfchocke.
gen: 446 fit: -135 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqene thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnosrerxon tktumi.db w lufhxr.wzae nwingf and akn.msxea oubgageokm tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq slg dvbe ywabdigc exd tbumav.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbe afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chebtynosata nhthralfchocke.
gen: 447 fit: -135 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqene thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnosrerxon tktumi.db w lufhxr.wzae nwingf and akn.msxea oubgageokm tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq slg dvbe ywabdigc exd tbumav.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbe afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chebtynosata nhthralfchocke.
gen: 448 fit: -135 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dahether trsjnowrerxon tktwmi.db w .ufdxr.wyae nwingb and aln msxea oubeageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukr.scg dxbe iwabdigc exd tbvmav.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chebtynosata nhthralfchocke.
gen: 449 fit: -135 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqenf thsplutzjixn.dahether trsjnowrerxon tktwmi.db w .ufdxr.wyae nwingb and aln msxea oubeageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukr.scg dxbe iwabdigc exd tbvmav.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chebtynosata nhthralfchocke.
gen: 450 fit: -135 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqene thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnosrerxon tktqmi.db w lufhxr.wzae nwingf and akntmsdea oubcageokm tvctone. oc uoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ywabdigc exd tbumyv.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbe afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chebtynosata nhthralechocke.
gen: 451 fit: -135 chromo: tt ib brhnrf tojbeuuqaqeff thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon tktwmi.db w .ufdxr.wyae pginge and aln msxea oungageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armd a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.scg dvbe iwabdigc exd tbvmyv.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbw afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacce ldg chebtynosata nhthralechocke.
gen: 452 fit: -135 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqefe thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxkn tktwmi.db w .ufhxr.wyae poingf and aln msxea oubeaweoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bswukq.slg drbe ywabdigc exd tbemav.oudie trbsyseco co more.  nddbg afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacce ldg chebtynosata nhthralechocke.
gen: 453 fit: -135 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqene thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnosrerxon tktqmi.db w lufhxr.wzae nwingn and akn msdea oubgageokm tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ywabdigc exd tbumav.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbe afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chebtynosata nhthralechocke.
gen: 454 fit: -135 chromo: tt in brhnrn tojbeuuqaqene thsplutzjixn.ddhether trsjnosrerxon tktumi.db w .ufhxr.wzae nwingf and akn.msdea oubcageoka tvctone. oc uoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.scg dxbe ywabdigc epd tbvmyv.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbe afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleohocke.
gen: 455 fit: -135 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqene thsplutzjixn.dahether trsjnowrerxon tktumi.db w .ufhxr.wzae nwingf and akn msdea oubcageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ywabdigc epd tbvmyv.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbe afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chebtynosata nhthralechocke.
gen: 456 fit: -135 chromo: tt in brhnrn tojbeuuqaqene thsplutzjixn.ddhether trsjnosrerxon tktumi.db w .ufhxr.wzae nwingf and akn.msdea oubcageoka tvctone. oc uoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.scg dxbe ywabdigc epd tbvmyv.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbe afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleohocke.
gen: 457 fit: -135 chromo: tt in arhnrf tojbeuuqaqene thspdutbjixn.ddhether trsjnosrerxon tktumi.db w .ufhxr.wzae ngingb and ain.msdea oubgageoka tvctone. oc uoftake armc a awnet a sexgbf bsuukq.scg dxbe ywabdiga epd tbvmyv.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbe afs eep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleohocke.
gen: 458 fit: -135 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqene thsplutzjixn.dahether trsjnowrerxon tktumi.db w .ufhxr.wyae ngingb and akn.msxea oubeageoka xvctone. oc uoftake armc a awnet a sexgjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ysabdigd edd tbvmyv.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbe afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacae ldg chebtynosata nhthralfchocke.
gen: 459 fit: -135 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeeuqaqene thsplutjjixn.dahether trsjnosrerxon tktumi.db w lufhxr.wyae ngingf and aln.msxea oubeageokm xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sehhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe iwabdigc exd tbvmyv.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarbacbe ldg chebtynosata nhthralfwhocke.
gen: 460 fit: -135 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqauene thsplutzjixn.dahether ttsjnowrerxon tktumizdb w lufhxr.wyae pgingb and ajn.msxec oubeageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.scg dxbe iwabdigc exd tbeeab.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonch wie hwarfacae ldg chebtynosata npthralechocke.
gen: 461 fit: -135 chromo: tt in brhnrn tojbeuuqaqene thsplutjjixn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon t tumi.db w lufdxr.wyae ngingf and aln.msxea oubeageokm tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbg iwandigc exd tbvmyv.oudie trfsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarbacae ldg chertynosata nhthralechocke.
gen: 462 fit: -134 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqene thsplutzjixn.dbhether tzsjnosrerxon tktwmi.db w .ufdxr.wyae ngingb and aknsmsxea oubeageokm tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sehhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ywabdigc edd tavmav.oudie tjbsyseco co more.  ndhbe afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarbacae ldc chebtynosata nhtfralfshocke.
gen: 463 fit: -134 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqene thsplutzjixn.dbhether tzsjnosrerxon tktwmi.db w .ufdxr.wyae ngingb and aknsmsxea oubeageokm tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sehhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ywabdigc edd tavmav.oudie tjbsyseco co more.  ndhbe afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarbacae ldc chebtynosata nhtfralfshocke.
gen: 464 fit: -134 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqune thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnosrerxon tktumi.dd w .ufdxr.wyae ngingb and alntmsxea oubeageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ywabdigc edd tbvmav.oudie tzbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacae ldc chebtynosata nhthralfshocke.
gen: 465 fit: -134 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqune thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnosrerxon tktumi.dd w .ufdxr.wyae ngingb and alntmsxea oubeageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ywabdigc edd tbvmav.oudie tzbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacae ldc chebtynosata nhthralfshocke.
gen: 466 fit: -134 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqune thsplutzjixn.dbhether trsjnosrerxon tktumi.dd w .ufdxr.wyae ngingb and alntmsxea oubeageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ywabdigc edd tbvmav.oudie tzbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarnacae ldc chebtynosata nhthralfshocke.
gen: 467 fit: -134 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeeuqauene thspluxzjixn.dbhether tdsjnowrerxon t tumi.db w .ufdxr.wyae pgingf and aknsmsxec oubgageokm tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sehhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe iwabdigc exd tbemyv.oudie tzbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonch wie hwarnacbe .dg chebtynosata nhthralewhocke.
gen: 468 fit: -134 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuuaqene thspluxbjixn.dahether trsjnowrerxon tktumi.dd w lufhxr.wyae ngingf and ajntmsxea oubeageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ywandigc exd tbemaa.oudie trfsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonch wie hwarbacae .dg chebtynosata nhthralechocke.
gen: 469 fit: -134 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tojbeuuqaqene thsplutzjihn.dahether tzsjnosrerxon totumi.db w .ufhxr.wyae ngingb and ajn mshea oubeageokm tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sehhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe qwabdigc exd tnemau.oudie tbbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthralf hocke.
gen: 470 fit: -134 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqauene thspluxbjixn.dbhether t.sjnosrerxkn t tumi.dd w lufhxr.wyae ngingf and ajnsmsxea oubgageoka txctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ywandigc exd tbemau.oudie trfsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarbacae .dg chebtynosata nhthralfchocke.
gen: 471 fit: -133 chromo: tt in brhnrn tojbeuuqaqene thspluxbjihn.dahether trsjnowrerxon totwmi.db w .ufhxr.wyae ngingb and ajntmshea oubeageokm xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sehhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe iwabdigc exd tbemaa.oudie tvbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 472 fit: -133 chromo: tt in brhnrf tolbeeuqauene thspluxzjihn.dahether t.sjnosrerxon t .wmi.db w .ufhxr.wyae ngingb and ajn.msxec oubgageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe awabdigc exd tbemyb.oudie trbsyseco co more. kndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 473 fit: -133 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeuuqaqene thspluxzjihn.dbhether trsjnosrerxon tktumi.db w .ufhxr.wyae ngingf and akntmsxea oungageokm xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ywabdigc edd tnemav oudie trbsysedo co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hwarnacae ldg chebtynosata nhthralfshocke.
gen: 474 fit: -133 chromo: tt kn brhnrn tojbeuuqaqene thspluxbjixn.tahether trsnnowrerxon tctwmi.db w .ufhxr.wyae ngingf and aintmshea oubeageokm tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sehhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe iwabdigc exd tbemya.oudie tvbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlaonsh wae hwarbacae ldc chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 475 fit: -133 chromo: tt in brhnrn tojbeuuqaqene thspluxbjihn.tahether trsnnowrerxon totwmi.db w .ufhxr.wyae ngingb and aintmshea oubeageokm tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sehhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe iwavdigc exd tbemya.oudie tvbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlaonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 476 fit: -132 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeeuuauene thspluxzjixn.dahether trsjnowrerxon tktumi.dd w  uffxr.wyae ngingf and ain.msxea oubgageoka tvctone. oc eovtake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ywandigc edd tnemaa.oudie trfsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hsarbacae ldc chebtynosata nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 477 fit: -132 chromo: tt kn brhnrn tojbeeuqauene thspluxzjixn.tahether trsnnowrerxon tktwmi.db w .uffxr.wyae fgingf and aintmsxea oubgageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sehhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe iwandigc exd tnemya.oudie tvbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarbacae ldc chebtynosata nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 478 fit: -132 chromo: tt kn brhnrf tozbeeuqaqene thtpluxzjihn.dbhether tzsjnowrerxon tktumi.db w .uffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxea oubgageokm xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ywabdigc edd tnemav.oudie trfsysedo co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarbacae ldg ohebtynosata nhthralfshocke.
gen: 479 fit: -132 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeeuqauene thspluxzjihn.dahether trsjnowrerxon t tumi.dd w  uffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxea oubgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhlf bsuukq.scg dxbe ywmndigc edd tbemaa.oudie trfsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 480 fit: -132 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeeuqauene thsplutzjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxon tktwmi.db w  uffxr.wyae ngingb and ain.msxec oubgageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ywabdigc exd tbemyb.oudie trbsyseco co more. kndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 481 fit: -132 chromo: tt in brhnrn tolbeuuqaugne thspluxzjihn.dbhether trsjnowrerxon tktwmi.dd w luffxr.wyae ngingb and ajntmsxea oubgageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sehhlf bsuukq.slg dxbe ywavdigc edd tbemyu.oudie tbbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlmon h wie hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 482 fit: -131 chromo: tt in brhnrn tojbeeuuauene thsplutzjihn.dbhether tzsjnowrerxon tktumi.db w suffxr.wyae fgingb and aintmsxea oubgageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ywabdiec exd tnemaa.oudie trbsyseco co more. kndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hsarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 483 fit: -131 chromo: tt in brhnrn tojbeeuuauene thsplutzjihn.dbhether tzsjnowrerxon tktumi.db w suffxr.wyae fgingb and aintmsxea oubgageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ywabdiec exd tnemaa.oudie trbsyseco co more. kndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hsarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 484 fit: -131 chromo: tt in brhnrn tozbeeuqauene thsplutzjixn.dahether t.sjnowrerxon tktumi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxea oubgageoka tvctone. oc eovtake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ywandigc exd tbemaa.oudie trbsyseco co more. kndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hsarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 485 fit: -131 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeeuqauene thsplutbjihn.dahether t.sjnowrerxon tktumi.db w suffhr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxea oubgageoka tvctone. oc eovtake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bcuuku.skg dxbe ywandigc exd tnemab.oudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthralfshocke.
gen: 486 fit: -131 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeeeqaqene thspluxzjixn.dahether tzsjnowrerxon tktumi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmshea oubgageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe iwabdigc edd tbemam.oudie trbsysedo co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 487 fit: -130 chromo: tt in brhnrn tozbeeeqauene thspluxzjixn.dahether t.sjnowrerxon tktwmi.dd w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxea oubgageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bcuukq.skw dxbe qambdigc exd tnemaztoudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 488 fit: -130 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeeuuauene thsplutbjixn.dahether t.sjnowrerxon tktwmi.dd w suffhr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxea oubgageoka xvctone. oc eovtake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ycabdigc exd tbemavtoudie trbsyqeco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te saq wlbonsh wae hsarbacae ldg chebtynosa.a ngthralfshocke.
gen: 489 fit: -130 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeeuqaueje thspluxzjixn.dahether t.sjnowrerxon t twmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxea oubgageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bwuukq.skw dxbe qwabdigc exd tnemaztoudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 490 fit: -130 chromo: tt an brhnrf tozbeeuqauene thsppuxbjixn.dahether t.sjnowrerxon totumi.db w suffhr.wyae fgingf and aintmsxea oubgageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukq.skg dxbe ywmbdigc edd tnemautoudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh uae h arbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 491 fit: -130 chromo: tt in brhnrn tozbeeuqaqene thspluxzjixn.dahether t.sjnowrerxon t twmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and ayntmsxea oubgageoka tvotone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bguukq.skg dxbe aumbdigc exd tnemaztoudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 492 fit: -130 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeeuqauene thspluxzjixn.dahether t.sjnowrerxon t twmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxea oubgageoka tvctone. oc aoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bguukq.skw dxbe awabdigc exd tnemabtoudie trjsyteco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 493 fit: -129 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeeeqaugne thsplutzjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxon tctwmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukqls g dxbe awabdigc edd tbemaatoudie trbsyseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 494 fit: -129 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeeeqaugne thsplutzjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxkn tctwmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukqls g dxbe awabdigc edd tbemaatoudie trbsyseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 495 fit: -129 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeeuqauene thspluxzjixn.dahether t.sjnowrerxon t twmi.dd w suffxr.wyae ngingb and aintmsxea oubgageoka tvctone. oy eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bcuukq.s g dxbe quubdigc exd tbemaatoudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarbacae ldg chebtynosa.a nhthralfshocke.
gen: 496 fit: -129 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeuuqauene thspluxbjixn.dahether t.sjnowrerxon t twmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxaa oubgageoka tvctone. o  eoftake armc a awnmt a sevhjf bcuukq.s g dxbe qwabdiec exd tnemuztoudie trfsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hxarbacae ldg chebtynosara nhtdraleshocke.
gen: 497 fit: -129 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeeeqavgje thspluxzjihn.dahether t.sjnowrerxon tctcmi.db w suffxr.w ae ngingf and aintmsxea oubgageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sexhjf bwuukq.s w dxbe qwabdigc exd tbemautoudie trjsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 498 fit: -129 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeeeqaugne thspluxzjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxon tctwmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sevhjf bsuukq.s g dxbe awabdigc edd tbemaatoudie trbsyseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 499 fit: -129 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeuuqauene thspluxbjixn.dahether t.sjnowrerxon t twmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxaa oubgageo a tvctone. o  eoftake armc a awnmt a sevhjf vcuukq.s g dxbe qwabdiec exd tnemuztoudie trfsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hxarbacae ldg chebtynosara nhtdraleshocke.
gen: 500 fit: -129 chromo: tt in brhnrf tojbeefqaueje thsplutzjihn.dahether tzslnowrerxkn t twmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxac oubgageoka xvctone. oc goftake armd a awnmt a sexhjf bsuukqls w dxbe awabdig  exd tnemuatoudie trfsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg ohebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 501 fit: -129 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeeeqaugne thspluxzjihn.dchether tzsjnowrerxon tctwmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sevhjf bsuukq.s w dxbe awabdigc edd tbemaatoudie trbsyseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 502 fit: -129 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeeeqaugne thsplutzjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxkn t twmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sevhjf bsuukq.s g dxbe awabdigc edd tbemaatoudie trbsyseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae jdg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 503 fit: -129 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeeeqaugne thspluxzjihn.dchether tzsjnowrerxon tctwmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sevhjf bsuukq.s w dxbe awabdigc edd tbemaatoudie trbsyseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 504 fit: -129 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeeeqaugne thspluxbjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxkn t twmi.db c suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sevhjf bsuukq.s g dxbe awabdigc edd tbemaatoudie trbsyseco go more. sndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 505 fit: -129 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeueqaugne thspluxzjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxon tctwmi.db w suffhr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageoka xuctone. o  eoftake armc a awnmt a sevhjf bsuukq.s w dxbe qwabdigc edd tnemaatoudie trbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosara nhthraleshocke.
gen: 506 fit: -129 chromo: tt in brhnrv tozbeeeqaugne thspluxbjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxon tctwmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageo a tvotone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sevhjf bsuukqls g dxbe awabdigc edd tnemaatoudie trbsyseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 507 fit: -129 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeeeqaugne thspluxbjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxkn t twmi.db c suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sevhjf bsuukq.s g dxbe awabdigc edd tbemaatoudie trbsyseco go more. sndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwaraacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 508 fit: -129 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeueqauwne thsplutzjihn.dahether tzsjnowterxpn t twmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageola xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukq.s w dwbe awabdigc edd tbemaatoudie tresyseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau w.nonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosara nhthraleshocke.
gen: 509 fit: -129 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeeeqaugne thsplutzjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxkn t twmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnnt a sevhjf rcuukq.s g dxbe awabdigc exd tbemaatoudie trbsyseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 510 fit: -129 chromo: tt in brgnrf tozbeeeqaugne thspluxzjihn.dchether tjsjnowrerxon t twmi.db w suffhr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnmt a sevhjf bsuukq.s g dxbe qwmbdigc exd tnemaatoudie trbsyseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosara nhthraleshocke.
gen: 511 fit: -128 chromo: tt in brhnrn tozbeueqaugie thspluxzjihn.dahether tzsjnowterxkn t twmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintnsxec oubgageola tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds w dwbe awabdiec exd tnemaatoudie tvasyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosara nhthraleshocke.
gen: 512 fit: -128 chromo: tt in brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxkn tctwmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintnsxec oubgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armo a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds w dwbe awabdiec exd tnemaatoudie tvfsyseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosara nhthraleshocke.
gen: 513 fit: -128 chromo: tt in brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxkn tctwmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintnsxec oubgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armo a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds w dwbe awabdiec exd tnemaatoudie tvfsyseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosara nhthraleshocke.
gen: 514 fit: -128 chromo: tt in brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxkn tctwmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintnsxec oubgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armo a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds w dwbe awabdiec exd tnemaatoudie tvfsyseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosara nhthraleshocke.
gen: 515 fit: -128 chromo: tt in brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxkn tctwmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintnsxec oubgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armo a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds w dwbe awabdiec exd tnemaatoudie tvfsyseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosara nhthraleshocke.
gen: 516 fit: -128 chromo: tt in brhntf tozbeeeqauwie thsplutjjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxkn tctwmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintnsxec oubgageoka tvctcne. oc eoftake armo a awnat a sexhjf bcuukq.s g dwbe awabdiec exd tbemaatoudie tvbsaqeco go more.  ndgbw afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg ahebtynosara nhthraleshocke.
gen: 517 fit: -128 chromo: tt in brhnrn tozbeueqaugje thspluxzjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxkn t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintnsxec oubgageola tvctone. oc eoftake arm  a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dxbe awabdiec exd tnemaatoudie trbszseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 518 fit: -128 chromo: tt in brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxkn tctwmi.db w suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintnsxec oubgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armo a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds w dwbe awabdiec exd tnemaatoudie tvfsyseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosara nhthraleshocke.
gen: 519 fit: -128 chromo: tt in brhnrm tozbeeeuaugne thspluxnjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxpn t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintnsxem oubgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabdiec exd tbemaatoudie trasyqeco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg ohebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 520 fit: -127 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeeeqaugie thsplutjjihn.dahether tzsjnow.erxkn tctwmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintnshec oudgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armo a awnet a sexhjf bsuuky.s g dxbe awabdiec edd tnemaatoudie trfsyseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau w.nonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 521 fit: -127 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeeeqaugie thsplutjjihn.dahether tzsjnow.erxkn tctwmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintnshec oudgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armo a awnet a sexhjf bsuuky.s g dxbe awabdiec edd tnemaatoudie trfsyseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau w.nonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 522 fit: -127 chromo: tt in brhnrn tozbeeeqauwie thsnlutjjihn.dahether t.sjnowterxkn tctwmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aimtmswec oubgageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armo a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dxbe awabdiec exd tbemaatoudie trfsaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 523 fit: -127 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeeeqaugie thsplutjjihn.dahether tzsjnow.erxkn tctwmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintnshec oudgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armo a awnet a sexhjf bsuuky.s g dxbe awabdiec edd tnemaatoudie trfsyseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau w.nonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 524 fit: -127 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeueqauwie thsp.uxzjihn.dahether t.sjnowterxkn tctwmi dn o suffxr.wybe ngingf and aintnsxea oubgageoka tuctone. oc eoftake armo a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds w dxbe awabdiec exd tbemaatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhtgraleshocke.
gen: 525 fit: -127 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeueqaugie thslluxzjign.dahether tzsznowrerxkn t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnat a sevhjf bsuukyds gydxbe awabdiec edd tjemaatoudie trfsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarvacqe ldg chebtynosata nhthralushocke.
gen: 526 fit: -127 chromo: tt jn brhntf tozbeeeqaugie thspluxjjihn.dahether t.sjnowrerxon t tumi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oudgageoka xuctone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf nsuukq.s g dxbe awabdigc exd tnemaatoudie tvbsyqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarbacae ldg chebtynosaza nhthraleshocke.
gen: 527 fit: -127 chromo: tt in brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxzjihn.dahether t.sjnowterxkn t twmi.db o suffxr.wyue ngingf and aintmsxec oudgageola tvctone. oc eoftake armo a awnut a sevhjf bsuukqds w dxbe awabdiec exd tnemabtoudie trfsyqeco go more.  ndhbu afsceep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarfacae ldg chebtinosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 528 fit: -127 chromo: tt in brhntn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxzjixn.dahether t.sjnowterxkn t twmi.db o suffxr.wyue ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageola xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnft a sexhjf bsuukq.s g dxbe awabdiec evd tnemaatoudie tvbsyseco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtinosa.a nhthraleshocke.
gen: 529 fit: -127 chromo: tt in brhntf tozbeeuqaugie thspluxjjihn.dahether t.sjnowterxkn t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintnsxec oubgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sevhjf bsvukads g dxbf awazdiec exd tnemabtoudie tvbsyseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 530 fit: -127 chromo: tt in brhntf tozbeeeqawgie thsplutjjihn.dahether t.sjnowterxkn t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintnsxec oubgageola xvctone. oc eoftake armo a awnut a sexhjf bsuukq.s w dtbe awabdiec exd tnemaatoudie tvfsyqeco go more.  ndhbu afsceep te sau wlbonsh wie hwarbacae ldg chebtinosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 531 fit: -127 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqauwie thsp.uxjlihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxkn tctumi.db o suffxr.wybe ngingf and aintnshec oudgageoka tvctone. oc eobtake armo a awnft a sexfjf nsuukqds g dxbe awabdiec exd tbemaatoudie trbsaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsceep te sau wlbonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosa.a nhtgraleshocke.
gen: 532 fit: -127 chromo: tt in brhnrf tozbeueqauwie thsp.uxzlihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxkn t twmi.db o suffxr.wice ngingf and aintnshea oudgageoka xuctone. oc eobtake armo a awnft a sexhjf bsuukq.s g dxbe awabdiec edd tbemaatoudie tvesaqeco co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosara nhthraleshocke.
gen: 533 fit: -127 chromo: tt mn brhnrf tozbeeeqaugie thsplutjjihn.dahether tzsjnowterxkn tctwmi.dn o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintnsxec oubwageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnut a sexhjf bsuukqds g dxbe awabdiec edd tnemaatoudie tresyqeco go more.  ndhbu afsceep te sau wlnonsh wie hwarvacae ldg chebtinosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 534 fit: -127 chromo: tt in brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thsp.uxzlihn.dahether tzsjnowterxon tctwmi.db o suffxr.wybe ngingf and aintnsxea oudgageoka tvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnvt a sexhjf nsuukqds w dxbe awabdiec exd tbemaatoudie trbsaqeco co more.  ndhbu afsceep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtynosa.a nhthraleshocke.
gen: 535 fit: -127 chromo: tt on arhntn tozbeeeqauwie thspluxzjihn.tahether t.sjnowrerxkn t tumi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintnsxea oubgageola tuatone. oc eontake armo a awnet a sexhjf bsuukq.s w dwbe awabdiec edd tnemaatoudie tvbsaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hwarbacae ldg chebtinosa.a nhthraleshocke.
gen: 536 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thsplutjjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxkn t twmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageokb xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukyds g dxbe awabdiec end tnemcatoudie tvasaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonth wae hwarbacqe ldg chebtynosara nhthraleshocke.
gen: 537 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thsplutjjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxkn t twmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageokb xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukyds g dxbe awabdiec end tnemcatoudie tvasaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonth wae hwarbacqe ldg chebtynosara nhthraleshocke.
gen: 538 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerxkn t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintnsxec oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukyds g dxba awabdiec end tnemcatoudie tvasaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonth wae hwarbacqe ldg chebtynosa.a nhthraleshocke.
gen: 539 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerxon t twmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oudgageoka dvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnut a sexhjf bsuukyds g dxbe awabdiec end tnemaatoudie tresaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hwarvacqe ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 540 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerxon t twmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oudgageoka dvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnut a sexhjf bsuukyds g dxbe awabdiec end tnemaatoudie tresaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hwarvacqe ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 541 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerxon t twmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oudgageoka dvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnut a sexhjf bsuukyds g dxbe awabdiec end tnemaatoudie tresaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hwarvacqe ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 542 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerxon t twmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oudgageoka dvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnut a sexhjf bsuukyds g dxbe awabdiec end tnemaatoudie tresaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wkbonsh wae hwarvacqe ldg chebtynosata nhthraleshocke.
gen: 543 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeueqaugie thsplutjjihn.dahether tzsjnowrerxkn tctwmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dxbe awabdiec end tnemaatoudie tvbsaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonth wae hwarvacqe ldg chebtynosara nhthraleshocke.
gen: 544 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeesaugie thsplutjjihn.dahether tzsjnowzerxkn t tumi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oudgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sehhjf bsuukrds g dxbe awabdiec end tbemaatoudie trfsaseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wldonsh wae hwarbacqe ldg chebtynosara nhtgraleshocke.
gen: 545 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqavgie thsplutjjihn.dahether tzsjnowzerxkn t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintnsxec oubgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukyds g dxba awabdie  end tnemaatoudie tvesaseco go more.  ndhbu afs eep tf sau wlnonth wae hwarbacqe ldg chebtynosata nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 546 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn zrhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thsplutjjihn.dahether tzsjnowzerxkn t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and ajntnsxe  oubwageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf asuukqds e dxba awabciec end tbemaatoudie tvasaseco go more.  ndhbu avs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hsarbacqe ldg chebtybosa.a nhthraleshocke.
gen: 547 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn arhnrn tozbeeeqavgie thsplutnjihn.dahether tzsjnowzerxkn t twmi db o suffxr.xyae ngingf and aintnsxec oudgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukyds g dxbe awabdie  end tnemcatoudie tvbsaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonth wae hwarvacqe ldg chebtynosata nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 548 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerxkn t twmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintnsxec oudgageoka dvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukycs g dxba awaddiec end tnemcatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hwarbacqe ldg chebtynosa.a nhthraleshocke.
gen: 549 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thsplutjjihn.dahether tzsjnowzerxkn t tumi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oudgageokb xv tone. o  eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukrds g dwbe awabdiec end tnemcatoudie tresyseco go more.  nddbu afs eep te sau wldontx wae hwarbacqe lde chebtynosara nhtgraleshocke.
gen: 550 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thsplutjjihn.dahether tzsjnowzerxkn t tumi.dbko suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageoka txctone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukrds e dwba awabdiec end tnemcatoudie tvesyseco go more.  nddbu afs eep te sau wldonsh wae hwarbacqe lde chebtynosaza nhthraleshocke.
gen: 551 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeesauwie thsplutjjihn.dahether tzsjnowzerxkn t twmi db o suffhr.wyae ncingv and aijtnsxec oudgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnut a sexdjf bsuukyds g dxbe awabsie  end tnemcatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlponth wae hwarbacqe ldg chebtynosata mfthraleshocke.
gen: 552 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thsplutbjihn.dahether tzsjnowzerwon t tumi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintisxec oubwageoka dvctone. oc eoftake armw a awnet a sehhjf asuukqcs g dwbe awabdiec end tnemcatoudie tresasecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hwarbacqe ldg chebtynosa.a nhtgraleshocke.
gen: 553 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thsplutjjihn.dahether tzsjnowzerxon t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintisxec oubgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukzds g dxbe awabdiec end tnemaatoudie tvfsaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonth wae huaraacqe ldg chebtynosara nhthraleshocke.
gen: 554 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn brhntn tozbeeesaugie thsplutjjihn.dahether tzsjnowzerxkn t xumi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and ainxisxec oudwageolb dv tone. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sexhjf asuukqds g dxbe awabdiec end tnemaatoudie tvfsqqeco oo more. cnddbu afs eep te sau wldonsh wae hwarbacqe lde chebtynosara nhthraleshocke.
gen: 555 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thsplutjjihn.dahether tzsjnowzerxon t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintisxec oubgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukzds g dxbe awabdiec end tnemaatoudie tvfsaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonth wae huaraacqe ldg chebtynosara nhthraleshocke.
gen: 556 fit: -126 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thsplutjjihn.dahether tzsjnowyerxkn t twmi db o suffxr.wyae ncingf and aijtmsxec ouagageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukyds g dwbe awabdiec end tbemaatoudie tvesyseco go more.  nddbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacqe ldg chebtynosa.b nhthraleshocke.
gen: 557 fit: -125 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerxon t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageoka dvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonth wae hwarvacae ldg chebtyfosa.a nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 558 fit: -125 chromo: tt mn brhntn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerxkn t temi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintisxec oudwageola xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukyds g dxbf awabsiec end tnemaatoudie tvfsaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wldonth wae hwarbacqe lde chebtynosa.a nhteraleshocke.
gen: 559 fit: -125 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwon t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageoka dvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukrds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvfsaqecg co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacqe ldg chebtynosa.a nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 560 fit: -125 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwon t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageoka dvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukrds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvfsaqecg co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacqe ldg chebtynosa.a nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 561 fit: -125 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerxon t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageoka dvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonth wae hwarvacae ldg chebtyfosa.a nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 562 fit: -125 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwon tstwmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubgageoka dvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukrds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvfsaqecg co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlnonsh wae hwarbacqe ldg chebtynosa.a nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 563 fit: -125 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thsplutnjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwkn t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubwageoka dvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sehhjf bsuukqds g dwbg awabsiec end tbemaatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hwarvacae ldg chebtyfosa.a nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 564 fit: -125 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thsplutnjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwkn t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxec oubwageoka dvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sehhjf bsuukqds g dwbg awabsiec end tbemaatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hwarvacae ldg chebtyfosa.a nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 565 fit: -125 chromo: tt mn brhntn tozbeeeqaugie thsllutjjifn.dahether tzsjnowzerxon t xwmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintisxec oubgageoka dvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tnemcatoudie tvasaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonth wae hwarvacae ddo chebtyfosata nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 566 fit: -125 chromo: tt mn brhntn tozbeeeqaugie thsplutnjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwkn t twmi.db o suffwr.wyae ngingf and aintosxmc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sexhjf bsuukrds g dwbh awabsiec end tbemaatoudie tvfsauecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonsh wae hwarvacqe ddg chebtynosata nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 567 fit: -124 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbegeqawgie thspluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerxon t tgmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintasxoc oubgageoka dv tone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dxbe awabsiec end tbemdatoudie tbesaqecg co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlzonth sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 568 fit: -124 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbegeqawgie thspluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerxon t tgmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintasxoc oubgageoka dv tone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dxbe awabsiec end tbemdatoudie tbesaqecg co more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlzonth sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 569 fit: -124 chromo: tt mn brhntn tozbeeeqaugie thqpluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwon t tgmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka dv tone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds gkdxbe awabsiec end tbem atoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlzonth sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosa.a nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 570 fit: -124 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbegeqaugie thspluxnjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwon t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintasxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awybsiec end tbemaatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonth wae hwarvacae ldg cheatynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 571 fit: -124 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbegeqaugie thspluxnjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwon t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintasxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awybsiec end tbemaatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonth wae hwarvacae ldg cheatynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 572 fit: -124 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbegeqaugie thspluxnjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwon t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintasxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awybsiec end tbemaatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonth wae hwarvacae ldg cheatynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 573 fit: -124 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbegeqaugie thspluxnjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwon t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintasxoo oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awybsiec end tbemaatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonth wae hwarvacae ldg cheatynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 574 fit: -124 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbegeqaugie thtpluxnjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwon t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintasxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awybsiec end tbemaatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonth wae hwarvacae ldg cheatynosara nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 575 fit: -124 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbegeqaugie thspluxnjihn.dahether tysjnogzerwon t twmi.db o sufftr.wyae ngingf and aintasxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awybsiec end tbemaatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonth wae hwarvacae ldg cheatynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 576 fit: -124 chromo: tt mn brhnzn tozbeeeqaugie thqpluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerxon t xwmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka dv.tone. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sexhjf bsuukrds gkdxbe awabsiec end tbem atoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonth wae hwarvacae ddg chebtynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 577 fit: -124 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thslluxpiihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwon t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awybsiec end tbemaatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te saa wlbonth wae hwarvacae ldg cheatynosa.a nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 578 fit: -124 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbegeqaugie thspluxnjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwon t xwmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awybsiec end tbemaatoudie tvfsaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbontp wae hwarvacae lhg cheatynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 579 fit: -124 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbegeqaugie thspluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerxon t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and amntasxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds gkdwbe awabsiec end tbemaatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep ta sau wlzon.p wae hwarvacae ldg cheatynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 580 fit: -124 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeyaugie thqpluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerxon t xgmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xv tone. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dxbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te saq wlbonth sae hwarvacae ddg chebtynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 581 fit: -124 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbegeqaugie thspluxjlihn.dahether tzsjnogzerxon t twmi.db o suffhr.wyae ngingf and aintisxoc oubgageoka xrctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemaatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlbonth sae hwarvacqe ddg cheetynosa.a nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 582 fit: -124 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbegeyauoim thspluxjjifn.dahether tzsjnogzerwon t xwmi.db o suffxr.wqae ngingf and aintmsxoc ouagageoia xv tcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awybsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecp go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlzontp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 583 fit: -124 chromo: tt mn brhntn tozbegeqaugie thspluxjjifn.dahether tzsjnogzerwon t xwmi.dv o suffhr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvotcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awybsiec end tbemaatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlzonbp sae hwarvacae ldg cheetynosazq nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 584 fit: -123 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thqpluxnjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwon t twmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvdtcne. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sexhjf bsuukrxs g dxbe awybsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te say wlbonbp sae hwarvacae ddg chebtynosaza ndtfraleshocke.
gen: 585 fit: -123 chromo: ts mn brhnzn tozbegeqaugie thqpluxjjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwon t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka xvdtcne. oc eoetake armc a.awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds gcdxbe awybsiec end tbemuatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te say wlbontp sae hwarvacae ldg cheatynosaza ndtfralgshocke.
gen: 586 fit: -123 chromo: tt mn brhntn tozbegeqaugie thspluxijihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwon t xgmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvctone. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awibsiec end tbemuatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlzondp sae hwarvacae ddg chebtynosa.a nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 587 fit: -123 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxnjihn.dahether tysjnogzerxon t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te saa wlzondp wae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosaza nhtfralushocke.
gen: 588 fit: -123 chromo: tt mn vrhntn tozbegeqaugif thqpluxnjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwon t xwmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhaf dsuukqds g dxbe awansiec end tbemaatoudie tvesaqesg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlzondp wae hwarvacae ldg cheatynosazq nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 589 fit: -123 chromo: tt mn brhntn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxnjifn.dahether tysjnogzerxon t tgmi.dv o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dxbe awabsiec end tbemcatoadie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te sau wlzondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 590 fit: -123 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxnjihn.dahether tysjnogzerxon t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhbf bsuukqxs g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te saa wlzondp wae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosaza nhtfralushocke.
gen: 591 fit: -122 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxnjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwon t xsmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake arm  a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dxbe awybsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te say wlbondp wae hwarvacae ddg chebtynosaza nhtfralushocke.
gen: 592 fit: -122 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxnjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwon t xsmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake arm  a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dxbe awybsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te say wlbondp wae hwarvacae ddg chebtynosaza nhtfralushocke.
gen: 593 fit: -122 chromo: tt mn brhnzn tozbegeqauhie thspjuxnjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerxon t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae pgingf and aintmsxoc oubgageokc xvctcne. oc eoatake armc a awnet a sexxbf bsuukqxs g dxbe qwybsiec end tbemcatoudie tvgsaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te say wlyondp sae hwarbacae ldg cheetynosaza nhtfralushocke.
gen: 594 fit: -122 chromo: tt mn brhntn tozbeeeqaugie thspluxnjihn.dahether tysjnogzerxon t tsmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dxbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ddg chebtynosaza nhtfralushocke.
gen: 595 fit: -122 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqauhie thqpluxbjihn.dahether tzsjnogjerwon t tgmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oupgageoka xvdtcne. oc eoetake arm  a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ddg chebtynosaza ndtfraleshocke.
gen: 596 fit: -122 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbeeeqaagiv thqpluxnjihn.dahether tzsjnogzerwon t xsmi.dv o suffxr.wqae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds e dxbe awabsiec end tbemaatoudie tvesaqecc go more.  ndhbu afs eep te say wpbondp sae hwarvacae ddg cheftynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 597 fit: -121 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbegeqaugie thspluxnjihn.dahether tisjnogzerwon t twmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sexhjf dsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afskeep te say wlzondp sae hwarvacae ddg chebtynosaza ndtfraleshocke.
gen: 598 fit: -121 chromo: tt mp brhntn tozbeeeqaugie thqpluxbjihn.dahether tisjnogrerwon t xwmi.db o suffxr.wyae mgingf and aintmswoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dxbe awabsiec end tbemaatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te say wlzondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 599 fit: -121 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqauhie thqpjuxbjihn.dahether tisjnohzerwon t twmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xvdtcne. oc eobtake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosazq nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 600 fit: -121 chromo: tt mn brhnzn tozbegeqaugiv thqpjuxbjihn.dahether tisjnogzerwcn t twmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xvdtcne. oc eobtake armc a.awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dxbe qwybsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te say wpbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 601 fit: -121 chromo: tt mp brpnrn tozbegeqaugiu thspluxnjihn.dahether tisjnogzerwon t twmi.db o suffxr.wyme ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dxbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afskeep te say wpzondp sae hwarvacae ldg cheatynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 602 fit: -121 chromo: tt ap brhnrn tozbegeqaagiu thqpluxnjihn.dahether tisjnogzerwon t tsmi.dv o suffxr.wyae noingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dxbe awabsiec end tbemaatoudie tvesaqecc go more.  ndhbu afs eep te say wpzondp sae hwarvacae ddg chebtynosaza ndtfraleshocke.
gen: 603 fit: -121 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeueqaugie thspluxnjihn.dahether tisjnogzerwon t xsmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc foftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dxbe awabsiec end tbemcctoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ddg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 604 fit: -121 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbegeqauhie thspluxnjihn.dahether tisjnogzerwon t twmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintosxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sexhjf dsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep te say wlzondp sae hwarvacae ddg chebtynosaza ndtfraleshocke.
gen: 605 fit: -121 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqaugie thtpluxnjihn.dahether tisjnogzerwon t tsmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eobtake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcctoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs eep tf say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosaza ndtfraleshocke.
gen: 606 fit: -121 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeeeqauhie thqpjuxbjihn.dahether tisjnohzerxon t twmi db.o suffxr.wqae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbw afs eep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosazq nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 607 fit: -121 chromo: tt mp brhnrm tozbegeqaugiu thqpluxbjihn.dahether tisjnohzerwon t twmi dv o suffxr.wyme ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvdtcne. oc eoftake armc adawnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afskeep te say wlzondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosaza ndthraleshocke.
gen: 608 fit: -121 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbeeeqauhif thspjuxbjipn.dahether tisjnogzerwon t xwmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsxo  oungageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dxbe awabsiec end taemcatoudie tvesaqeco wo more.  ndhbu afs eep te say wlzondp sae hwarvacae .dg chebtynosazq ndtfraleshocke.
gen: 609 fit: -121 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbeguqaugiv thspluxnjihn.dahether tisjnogzerwcn t tsmi.dv o suffxr.wqae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dwbe asabsiew end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ddg chebtynosaza nhtfraleshockm.
gen: 610 fit: -121 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbeguqaugie thtpluxnlihn.dahether tisjnogzerwon t tsmi dv o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aindmsxoc oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexgjf bsuukqxs g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcctoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afs eep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ldw chebtynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 611 fit: -121 chromo: tt mn brhnrm tozbegeyaugiu thspluxbjihn.dahether tisjnogzerxon t twmi dv o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvctwne. oc eoetake armc adawnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbw afs eep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosazi nhthraleshocke.
gen: 612 fit: -121 chromo: tt mp zrhnrn tozbegeqaugiu thqpduxnjihn.dqhether tisjnogzerxon t tgmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvdtcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dxbe awabsiec end tbemcatoedie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afs.eep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 613 fit: -121 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbeeeqauhiv thqpjuxbjipn.dahether tisjnogzerwon tctwmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oungageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dxbe asabsiec end taemcatoudie tvesaqeco wo more.  ndhbu afs eep te say wlbgndp sae hwarvacae .dg chebtynosazq nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 614 fit: -121 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbegeqaugie thspluxnjidn.dqhether tisjnoczerwon t twmi.db o suffxr.uyae ngingf and aibtmsxoc oudgageoka xuctcne. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe qwabsiec end tbemaatoudie tvesaqecg wo more.  ndhbu afskeep tf say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 615 fit: -121 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbegeqaugim thspluxnbifn.dahether tisjnohzerwcn t tgmitdv o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoo oubgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afskeep te say wpbondo sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynmsaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 616 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbegeqaugie thqpluxnjihn.dqhether tisjnogzerwon tktgmisdv o suffxr.wqae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xvdtcne. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynesaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 617 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbegeqaugie thqpluxnjihn.dqhether tisjnogzerwon tktgmisdv o suffxr.wqae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xvdtcne. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynesaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 618 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbegeqaugie thqpluxnjihn.dqhether tisjnogzerwon tktgmisdv o suffxr.wqae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xvdtcne. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynesaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 619 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbegeqaugie thqpluxnjihn.dqhether tisjnogzerwon tktgmisdv o suffxr.wqae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xvdtcne. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynesaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 620 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnrm tozbegeqaugie thqpluxbjihn.dqhether tisjnogzerwon tktwmi dv o sufftr.wyae ngingb and aindmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosazq nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 621 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbegesaugie thqpbuxnjihn.lqhether tisjnogjerwon t twmi db o suffxr.wqae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvdtcne. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dwbe asabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wldondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 622 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbegesaugie thqpbuxnjihn.lqhether tisjnogjerwon t twmi db o suffxr.wqae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvdtcne. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dwbe asabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wldondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 623 fit: -120 chromo: tt mn brhnrn tozbegeqaugie thqpluxnjihn.dqhether tisjnogzerwon tktwmi db o suffxr.wqae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xvdtcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe acabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtyjgsaza ndtfraleshocke.
gen: 624 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brdnro tozbegeqauhie thqpluxnjihn.dqhether tisjnogzerwon tktwmi dv o sufftr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe aqabsiec end tbemcctoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosaza ndtfraleshocke.
gen: 625 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnrm tozbegeqaugie thqpluxbjihn.dqhether tisjnogzerwon tktwmisdb o suffxr.wqae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc foftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dwbe qwabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosazq nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 626 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnzn tozbeceqaugie thqpluxblihn.dqhether tisjnogzerwon tktwmi dv o sufftr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xvdtcne. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynesazq nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 627 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbeceqaugie thqpluxblifn.dqhether tisjnogjerwon tktwmi.db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xvwtcne. oc eoftake armc a.awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dwbe csabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wlbcndp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtyngsazq nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 628 fit: -120 chromo: tt ep brhnrm tozbegeqaagie thqpjuxbjihn.dahether tisjnohzerwon tktwmi dv o sufftr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xvdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs gsdwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp sce hwarvacae ldg chebtynosazq nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 629 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnrm tozbeguqaugie thqpluxnjifn.dqhether tisjnohjerwon tctwmi.db.o sufftr.wyae ngingf and aindmsxoc oubgageoka vfxtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhif bsuukqxs g dwbe asabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wlbcndp  ae hwarvacae ldg chebtyngsaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 630 fit: -120 chromo: tt ep brhnro tozbegeqaugie thqpluxbjihn.dqhether tisjnogzerwon tktwmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oudgageoka xvdtcne. od eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dxbe aqabsiec end tbemcctoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosazq ndtfraleshocke.
gen: 631 fit: -120 chromo: tt ap brhnrm tozbegeqaugiu thqpluxblifn.dqhether tisjnogzerwon tktwmi dv.o suffxr.wqae ngingf and aindmsxoc oubgageoka xvwtcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dwbe awabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wlbcndp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosazq nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 632 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbeguqaugie thqpluxnjihn.lqhether tisjnogzerwcn tktwmisdvco suffxr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhbf aquukqds g dwbe cwabsiec end tbemwatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynesaza ndtfraleshocke.
gen: 633 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brwnrn tojbegeqaueif thqpduxbjihn.dahether tisjnogzerwon tctwmi.dv o sufftr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awansiec end tbemcatoedie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wlbondp  ae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosazq nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 634 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbegeqaugie thqpluxnlifn.dahether tisjnowzerwon tktwmi db o suffxr.wqae ngingf and aintmsxoc oudgageoka xvdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g.dwbe awabsiec end tbemcctoudie tvesaqeco co more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae dhg chebtyngsaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 635 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnrm tojbeweqaagie thqpluxnjihn.dqhether tisjnogzerwon tktwmi dv o suffxr.wqae ngingf and aintmsxoc oudgageoka xvctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bwuukqds gcdwbe asabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae dde chebtyngsazq nhtfraleshockf.
gen: 636 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbegeqaehie thqpluxnlifn.lqhether tisjnogzerwon tktgmisdb o suffxr.wybe ngingh and ainxmsxoc oungageoka xfdtcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dwbe asansiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp sae hwarvacae ldo chebtynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 637 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbegeqaugie thypluxnjihn.dqhether tisjnogzerwon tctwmi dv o suffxr.wqae ngingf and aindmsxoc oubgageoka xfctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf asuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemdctoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp sae hwarvacae lhg chebtyngsaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 638 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbegeqaegie thqpluxnlihn.lqhether tisjnogzerwon tktwmi db o suffxr.wybe ngingh and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eohtake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dwba acabsiec end tbemcatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ddo chebtynosazq nhtfraleshockf.
gen: 639 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbegeqaugif thqpduxbjihn.dqhether tisjnogzerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wyae ngingf and aindmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dcbe auabsiec end tbemactowdie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ddc chebtznosazb nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 640 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnrk tozbeguqaugie thqpluxnjihn.lqhether tisjnogzerwon tktwmisdb o sufftr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf asuukqds g dwbe asabsiec end tbemdatoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacqe ldg chebtyncsaza nhtfralgshocke.
gen: 641 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brxnrm tojbegeqaugie thspluxnlihn.dqhether tisjnogzeruon tkdwmisdv o sufftr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dxbe iqabsiec end tbemoatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp sae hwarvacae ddg chebtzngsaza nltfraleshocke.
gen: 642 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnzp tojbegeqaugif thqpduxbjihn.dqhether tisjnogzerwon tktgmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xf.tcne. oc eohtake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dcbe awabsiec end tbemcctoudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ddg chebtynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 643 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brdnrp tozbegeqaufie thqpluxbkifn.dqhether tisjnogzerwon tktgmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and aindmsxoc oungageoka xfdtcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexfjf bsuukqds g dwbe awansiec end tbemaatowdie tvmsaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd sae hwarvacae ddg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 644 fit: -120 chromo: tt op brdnrp tozbegeqaugie thypluxblifn.dqhether tisjnogzerwon tktwmi db o suffxr.wqae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xfctcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dcbe auabsiec end tbempatoudie tvesaqece go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wlbpndp sae hwarvacae ddg chebtzngsaza ndtfraleshocke.
gen: 645 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brhnrn to.begeqaugie thqpluxnjihn.lqhether tisjnohzerwcn tktgmi dx o sufftr.wyae ngingf and ain.msxoc oubgageoka xedtcne. oc eogtake armc a awnet a sexhlf bsuukqds g dcbe auabsiec end tbemactowdie tvusaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wlbondd sae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosazq nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 646 fit: -120 chromo: tt ap brhnrm tozbeguqaugie thqpluxblifn.lqhether tisjnogzerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wyae ngingp and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe asabsiec end tbemcctowdie tvfsaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosaza nhtfralgshocke.
gen: 647 fit: -120 chromo: tt mp brdnvn tozbegeuauhie thqpluxbkifn.lqhether tisjnogzerwon tktgmi.dv o sufftr.wyae ngingf and aindmsxoc oungageoka xvdtcne. oc eohtake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqxs g dcbe awansiec end tbemcctoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 648 fit: -120 chromo: tt ap brhnto tozbeguqaugie thqppuxflihn.lqhether tisjnoolerwon tktwmi dv o sufftr.wyae ngingf and ain.msxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake qrmc a awnet a sexhjf atuukqds g dwbe asabsiec end tbemcutoudie tvesaqego go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosaza nhtfralgshocke.
gen: 649 fit: -120 chromo: tt md brhnrp to.begeqaugie thqpluxnlihn.lqhether tisjnogzerwon tktwmi db o suffxr.wybe ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsieo end tbemcatowdie tvesayeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep tm say wlbondp wae hwarvacae ldc chebtynosazq nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 650 fit: -119 chromo: tt ap brhnro tozbeguqaugie thqppuxflifn.lqhether tisjnohlerwon tktwmicdb o sufftr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexxjf btuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemdatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 651 fit: -119 chromo: tt ap brhnro tozbeguqaugie thqppuxflifn.lqhether tisjnohlerwon tktwmicdb o sufftr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexxjf btuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemdatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 652 fit: -119 chromo: tt ap brhnro tozbeguqaugie thqppuxflifn.lqhether tisjnohlerwon tktwmicdb o sufftr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexxjf btuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemdatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 653 fit: -119 chromo: tt ap brhnro tozbeguqaugie thqppuxflifn.lqhether tisjnohlerwon tktwmicdb o sufftr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexxjf btuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemdatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp sae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 654 fit: -119 chromo: tt mp brhnrn tozbeguqaugie thqpluxbjifn.lqhether tisjnog.erwon t tgmi db o suffxr.wybe ngingf and aindmsxoc oubgageola xfdtdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhlf bsuuoqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemc toudie tvfsaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wlbondp sae hwarvacae ddg chebtznosazq nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 655 fit: -119 chromo: tt ap brhnro tozbeguqaugie thqppuxflifn.lqhether tisjnohlerwon tktwmicdb o sufftr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexxjf btuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemdatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp  ae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 656 fit: -119 chromo: tt ap brhnro tozbeguqaugie thqppuxflifn.lqhether tisjnohlerwon tktwmicdb o sufftr.wyae ngingf and aintmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexxjf btuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemdatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp  ae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 657 fit: -118 chromo: tt mp brhnro tozbeguqaugie thqppuxvjifn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon tktwmicdb o suffhr.wqae ngingf and ain.msxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhlf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemd toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp sae hwarvacae ddg chebtzncsazq nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 658 fit: -118 chromo: tt bp brhnro tozbegeqaugie thqppuxnlihn.lqhether tisjnohlerwon tktwmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexxjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemdatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp sae hwarbacae ldg ohebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 659 fit: -118 chromo: tt bp brhnro tozbegeqaugie thqppuxnlihn.lqhether tisjnohlerwon tktwmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexxjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemdatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp sae hwarbacae ldg ohebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 660 fit: -118 chromo: tt bp brhnro tozbegeqaugie thqppuxnlihn.lqhether tisjnohlerwon tktwmicdb o suffxr.wyae ngingf and ainxisxoc oubgageokc xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexxjf bsuuiqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemdatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp sae hwarvacae lhg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 661 fit: -118 chromo: tt bp bthnro tozbeguqaugie thqpluxblihn.lqhether tisjnoelerwon tktgmi db o sufftr.wqae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xfctcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awansiec end tbemd toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndfbq afsleep te say wpvondd  ae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosaza nhtfralushocke.
gen: 662 fit: -118 chromo: tt bl brhnro tozbeguqaugie thqppuxblihn.lqhether tisjnoelerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wqae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xfctcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexxjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemdytoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndfbu afsleep te say wpbondd sae hwarbacae ddg chebtznosaza ndtfraleshocke.
gen: 663 fit: -118 chromo: tt bp brhnro tozbegeqaugie thqppuxnlihn.lqhether tisjnohlerwon tktwmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexxjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemdatoudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp sae hwarbacae ldg ohebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 664 fit: -118 chromo: tt bp bthnro tozbeguqaugiu thqpluxblihn.lqhether tisjnoelerwon tktgmi db o sufftr.wque ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xfctcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awansiec end tbemd toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndfbq afsleep te say wpvondd  ae hwarvacae ldg chebtynosaza nhtfralushocke.
gen: 665 fit: -117 chromo: tt bp brhnro toybegeqaugie thqpluxblifn.lqhether tisjnohlerwon tktwmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka tfdtcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexxjf btuuiqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemd toudie tvesaqecg go more.  nddbu afsleep te say wpbondp  ae hwarvacae ldg chebtzncsaza nhtfraleshockg.
gen: 666 fit: -117 chromo: tt bp brhnro toybeguqaugie thqpluxblihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon tktwmi db o suffdr.wqae ngingf and aindmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtdne. oc eoetake armc a agnet a sexhjf btuukqds g dwbe asabsiec end tbemc towdie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp  ae hwarbacae ddg chebtzncsazq ndtfraleshocke.
gen: 667 fit: -117 chromo: tt bp brhnro toybegeqaugie thqpluxblifn.lqhether tisjnohlerwon tktwmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka tfdtcne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexxjf btuuiqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemd toudie tvesaqecg go more.  nddbu afsleep te say wpbondp  ae hwarvacae ldg chebtzncsaza nhtfraleshockg.
gen: 668 fit: -117 chromo: tt bp brhnro tozbeguqaugie thqpluxblihn.lqhether tisjnoflerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukuds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemd toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndfbu afsleep te say wpbondd  ae hwarvacae lhg chebtynosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 669 fit: -117 chromo: tt bp brhnro toybegeqaugie thqpluhblifn.lqhether tisjnohlerwon tktwmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka tfdtdne. oc eoftake armc a awnet a sexxjf btuukqds g dwbe awansiec end tbemd toudie tvesaqeco go more.  nddbu afsleep te say wpbondp  ae hwarvacae ldc chebtzncsaza nhtfraleshockg.
gen: 670 fit: -116 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhbjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wyae ngingf and ain.msxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemc toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp  ae hwarbacae ldg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 671 fit: -116 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhbjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wyae mgingf and ain.msxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemc toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp  ae hwarbacae ldg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 672 fit: -116 chromo: tt bo brhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhbjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wyae mgingf and ain.msxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dube awabsiec end tbemc toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp  ae hwarbacae ldg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 673 fit: -116 chromo: tt bo brhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhbjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wyae mgingf and ain.msxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dube awabsiec end tbemc toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp  ae hwarbacae ldg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 674 fit: -116 chromo: tt bo brhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhbjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wyae mgingf and ain.msxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dube awabsiec end tbemc toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp  ae hwarbacae ldg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 675 fit: -116 chromo: tt bo brhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhbjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wyae mgingf and ain.msxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dube awabsiec end tbemc toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp  ae hwarbacae ldg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 676 fit: -116 chromo: tt bo brhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhbjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wyae mgingf and ain.msxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dube awabsiec end tbemc toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp  ae hwarbacae ldg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 677 fit: -116 chromo: tt bp brhnro to begeqaugie thaopuhbjihn.lshether tisjnoflerwon tktwmi db o suffxr.wzae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka tfdtdne. oc eoetake armc a agnet a sexhjf bcuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemw toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd  ae hwarvacae .dg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 678 fit: -116 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqaugie thqppuxnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wiae mgingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sehxjf bsuukqds g dwbe awbbsiec end tbemd toudie tvasaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd  ae hwarvacae llg chebtznosaba nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 679 fit: -116 chromo: tt bo brhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhbjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xfdtcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemc toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondp  ae hwarbacae ldg chebtznosaza nhtfralushocke.
gen: 680 fit: -116 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqaugie thqopuhnjihn.lshether tisjnoflerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsvoc oubgageola tfdtdne. oc eoetake armc a agnet a sexhjf bcuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemd toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd  ae hwarvacae .dg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 681 fit: -116 chromo: tt bp brhnro to begeqaugie thqpluhnjihn.lshether tisjnodlerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka tfdtcne. oc eoutake armc a awnet a sexxjf bsuukqds g dwbe awansiec end tbemc towdie tvesaqecg eo more.  nddbu afsleep te say wpbondd  ae hwarvacae llg chebtznosaja nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 682 fit: -116 chromo: tt bp brhnro to begeqaugie thqppuhnjipn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn tktwmi dv o sufftr.wybe ngingf and aintisxoc oubgageoka xfdtbne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf btuukqds g dwbe awbbsiec end tbemc toudie tvasaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd  ae hwarbacae ldg chebtznosaba nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 683 fit: -116 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqaugie thqppuhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoelerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wyae ngingf and aindmsvoc oubgageoka tfdtdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemc toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd  ae hwarbacae .dg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshockf.
gen: 684 fit: -116 chromo: tt bp brhnro to begeqaugie thqpluxbjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wyae ngingf and ayn.msxoc oubgageoka xfctcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemc toudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd  ae hwarbacae ldc ahebtzbosaza nhtfraleshockg.
gen: 685 fit: -116 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqaugie thqppuxnjihn.lshether tisjnoglerwon tktwmi db o suffxr.wybe mgingf and ayntisxoc oubgageoka tfdtdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf btuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemx toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd sae hwarvacie ldg ahebtznosaza ndtfraleshocke.
gen: 686 fit: -116 chromo: tt bp brhnro to begeqaugie thqpluhnjihn.lshether tisjnodlerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wyae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka tfdtcne. oc eoutake armc a awnet a sexxjf bsuukqds g dwbe awansiec end tbemc towdie tvesaqecg eo more.  nddbu afsleep te say wpbondd  ae hwarvacae llg chebtznosaja nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 687 fit: -115 chromo: tt bp brhnro to begeqaugie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wyae ngingf and ain.msxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bcuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemx toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd tae hwaruacae ldg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 688 fit: -115 chromo: tt bp brhnro to begeqaugie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wyae ngingf and ain.msxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bcuukqds g dwbe awabsiec end tbemx toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd tae hwaruacae ldg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 689 fit: -115 chromo: tt bp brhnro to begeqaqgie thqpluxbjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn tktxmi dv o suffxr.wzbe mgingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bcuukqds c dube aubbsiec end tbemx toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd  ae hwarbacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshockg.
gen: 690 fit: -115 chromo: tt bp brhnro to begeqaqgie thqpluxbjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn titxmi dv o suffxr.wzbe mgingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bcuukqds c dube aubbsiec end tbemx toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd  ae hwarbacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshockg.
gen: 691 fit: -115 chromo: tt bp brhnro to begeqaqgie thqpluxbjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn tktxmi dv o suffxr.wzbe mgingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bcuukqds c dube aubbsiec end tbemx toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd  ae hwarbacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshockg.
gen: 692 fit: -115 chromo: tt bp brhnvm to begeqavgie thqpluhbjion.lshether tisjnowlerwon tktwmi db o sufftr.wyae ngingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka xf tcne. oc eoftake armc a agnet a sexhjf bsuukqds g dube awabsiec end tbemd toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondx  ae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosaza nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 693 fit: -115 chromo: tt bp brhnro to begeqaqgie thqpluxbjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn titxmi dv o suffxr.wzbe mgingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka dfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bcuukqds c dube aubbsiec end tbemx toudie tvesayeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd  ae hwarbacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshockg.
gen: 694 fit: -115 chromo: tt bp vrhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhnjihn.lshether tisjnoglerwon tktwmi db o suffxr.wyae mgingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka tfctcne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds c dwbe awabsieo end tbemd towdie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd sae hwaruacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshockf.
gen: 695 fit: -115 chromo: tt bp brhnro to begeqaugie thqpluhnjihn.lshether tisjnowlerwon tktwmi db o suffxr.wyae ngingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a agnet a sexhjf bsuukqds c dube awabsiec end tbemd toudie tuesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd sae hwaruacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 696 fit: -114 chromo: tt bp vrhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn tktxmi dv o suffxr.wybe mgingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka dfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sehhjf bcuukqds a dube aubb iec end tbemd toudie tuesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd tae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 697 fit: -114 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn titxmi dv o suffxr.wzbe mgingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf zsuukqds a dube buabsiec end tbemd toudie tuesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd  ae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshockf.
gen: 698 fit: -114 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn titxmi dv o suffxr.wzbe mgingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf zsuukqds a dube buabsiec end tbemd toudie tuesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd  ae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshockf.
gen: 699 fit: -114 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn titwmi dv o suffxr.wzbe mgingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka tfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf zsuukqds a dube bwabsiec end tbemx toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd  ae hwarbacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshockg.
gen: 700 fit: -114 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn titxmi dv o suffxr.wzae mgingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf zsuukqds a dube buabsiec end tbemd toudie tuesaqech go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd  ae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshockf.
gen: 701 fit: -114 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnowlerwgn titxmi dv o suffxr.wbbe mgingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dvbe bwabsiec end tbemx toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd sae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshockf.
gen: 702 fit: -114 chromo: tt bp brhnro to begeqavgie thqpluxbjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon tktxmi db o suffxr.xybe mgingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bcuukqds a.dube awbbsieo end tbemx towdie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te sby wpbondd tae hwarbacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 703 fit: -114 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn titxmi dv o suffxr.wzae mgingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf zsuukqds a dube buavsiec end tbemd toudie tuesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd  ae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshockf.
gen: 704 fit: -113 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn tktxmi.dv o suffxr.wyve mgingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka dfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bcuukqds a dubf awbbsiec end tbemd towdie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd tae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 705 fit: -113 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon titxmi dv o suffxr.wzae ngingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc goetake armc a awnet a sexhjf zcuukqds a dube bubvsiec end tbemd toudie tuesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd tae hwarbacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshockf.
gen: 706 fit: -113 chromo: tt bp vrhnrm to begeqauwie thqpluxnjihn.jqhether tisjnoglerwgn tktxmi dv o suffxr.wybe mgingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka dfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sehhjf bcuukqds a dube aubbsiec end tbemx toudie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd tae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshocke.
gen: 707 fit: -113 chromo: tt bn brhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon tktxmi.dv o suffxr.wzae ngingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc goetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bcuukqds a dube bubvsiec end tbemd toudie tuesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd tae hwarbacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshockf.
gen: 708 fit: -113 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwkn titxmi dv o suffxr.wzae ngingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc goetake armc a awnet a sexhjf zcuukqds a dube bubvsiec end tbemd toudie tuesaqecg go more.  ndhbq afsleep te say wpbondd tae hwarbacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshockf.
gen: 709 fit: -113 chromo: tx bp vrhnrm to begeqaugie thspluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon titxmi.dv o suffxr.wzae ngingf and ainxmsxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sehhjf bsuukqds a dube aubvsiec end tbemd towdie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd tae hwarbacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshockf.
gen: 710 fit: -113 chromo: tx bp vrhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon tktxmi dv o suffxr.wzbe ngingf and ainxisxo  oubwageoka xfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf zsuukqds a dube bubvsiec end tbemd toudie tvesyqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd tae hwarbacae ldg chebtznosana nhtfraleshockf.
gen: 711 fit: -112 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn titxmisdv o suffxr.xyae mgingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dube auabsiec end tnemd toudie tuesaqeco go more. kndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockf.
gen: 712 fit: -112 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn titxmisdv o suffxr.xyae mgingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dube auabsiec end tnemd toudie tuesaqeco go more. kndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockf.
gen: 713 fit: -112 chromo: tt bp vrhnrm to begeqaugie thqoluhnjihn.lqhether tislnoglerwon tktxmi db o suffhr.wybe meingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc mogtake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dubu bubbsiec end tbemx toudie tuesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep to say wpbmndd tae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosana nhtvraleshockf.
gen: 714 fit: -112 chromo: tt bp vrhnrm to begeqaugie thqoluhnjihn.lqhether tislnoglerwon tktxmi db o suffhr.wybe meingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc mogtake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dubu bubbsiec end tbemx toudie tuesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep to say wpbmndd tae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosana nhtvraleshockf.
gen: 715 fit: -112 chromo: tt bp vrhnrm to begeqaugie thqoluhnjihn.lqhether tislnoglerwon tktxmi db o suffhr.wybe meingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc mogtake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dubu bubbsiec end tbemx toudie tuesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep to say wpbmndd tae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosana nhtvraleshockf.
gen: 716 fit: -112 chromo: tt bp vrhnrm to begeqaugie thqoluhnjihn.lqhether tislnoglerwon tktxmi db o suffhr.wybe meingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc mogtake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dubu bubbsiec end tbemx toudie tuesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep to say wpbmndd tae hwarvacae ldg chebtznosana nhtvraleshockf.
gen: 717 fit: -112 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn titxmisdv o suffxr.xyae mgingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dube auabsiec end tnemd toudie tuesaqeco go more. kndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockh.
gen: 718 fit: -112 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn titxmisdv o suffxr.xyae mgingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xf txne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dube auabsiec end tnemd toedie tuesaqeco go more. kndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockh.
gen: 719 fit: -112 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn titxmisdv o suffxr.xyae mgingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dube auabsiec end tnemd toudie tuesaqeco go more. kndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockf.
gen: 720 fit: -112 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn titxmisdv o suffxr.xyae mgingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dube auabsiec end tnemd toedie tuesaqeco go more. kndpbu afsleep te say wpbondd tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockf.
gen: 721 fit: -112 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon titwmi dv o suffxr.wybe meingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dube aqabsiec end tnemx toudie tvesaqeco go more. kndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 722 fit: -112 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn titxmisdv o suffxr.xyae mgingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dube auabsiec end tnemd toedie tuesaqeco go more. kndpbu afsleep te say wpbondd tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockf.
gen: 723 fit: -112 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn titwmi dvko suffxr.xyae mgingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dube aqabsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqeco go more. kndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 724 fit: -112 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn titxmisdv o suffxr.xyae mgingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dube auabsiec end tnemd toedie tuesaqeco go more. kndhbu afsleep te say wpbondd tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockh.
gen: 725 fit: -112 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhpjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titwoi dv o suffxr.xybe ngingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka df tdne. oc eketake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dube aqabsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqeco go more. kndhbu afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 726 fit: -111 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhpjihn.lqhether tislnogler gn titwmi dv o suffxr.xybe neingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc eketake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more. kndhbu afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockh.
gen: 727 fit: -111 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhpjihn.lqhether tislnogler gn titwmi dv o suffxr.xybe neingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc eketake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more. kndhbu afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockh.
gen: 728 fit: -111 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnnihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwgn titxmi db o suffhr.xzae mgingf and ainvjsxoc oubgageooa xfctdne. oc eoetake armc a agnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dube auabsiec end tnemd toedie tvesaqeco go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 729 fit: -111 chromo: tt bl brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoglerwon titxmi dv o suffxr.wybe mgingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoky xf tdne. oc moetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bseukyds a dube auabsiec end tbemx toudie tvesaqeco go more. kndhba ansleep te say wpbond. tbe hwarbacae lhg chebtzngsane npturaleshockf.
gen: 730 fit: -110 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhpjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titwmi dv o suffxr.xybe ngingf and ainfisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuuoqds a dube aqabsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockh.
gen: 731 fit: -110 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeaavgie thqpluhpjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titxmi dv o suffxr.wybe neingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc eogtake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dube aqabsiec end tnemd toudie tuesaqecg go more. kndhbu afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtbngsana npturaleshockh.
gen: 732 fit: -110 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeaavgie thqpluhpjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titxmi dv o suffxr.wybe neingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc eogtake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dube aqabsiec end tnemd toudie tuesaqecg go more. kndhbu afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtbngsana npturaleshockh.
gen: 733 fit: -110 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titwmi dv o suffhr.xyae meingf and ainvjsxoc oubgageooa df tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more. kndhbu afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 734 fit: -110 chromo: t. bp brhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhpjihn.lqhether tislnogler gn titwmi dv o suffxr.wybe ngingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka dfctdne. oc eogtake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dube aqabsiec end tnemd towdie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbq afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtbngsana npturaleshockh.
gen: 735 fit: -110 chromo: tt bp arhnrm to beceqavgie thqpluhpjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titwmi dv o suffxr.xyae ngingf and ainvjsxoc oubgageoka xfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuuoqds a dubu aubbsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more. kndhbu afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockf.
gen: 736 fit: -110 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titwmi dv o suffhr.xyye mgingf and ainvjsxoc oubgageooa df tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more. kndhbe afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacbe ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockf.
gen: 737 fit: -110 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to beceqavgie thqpluhpjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titxmi dv o suffxr.hyae meingf and ainxisxoc oubgageoka xfctbne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuuoqds a dube auuvsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqeco go more. kndhbu afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsane nhturaleshockf.
gen: 738 fit: -110 chromo: ts bp brhnvm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titwmi dv o suffhr.gyae mgingf and ainvjsxoc oubgageooa df tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dubu auabsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsane npturaleshockh.
gen: 739 fit: -110 chromo: ts bd brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoeler gn titwmi dv o suffhr.xyye mgingf and ainvjsxoc oubgageooa df tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more. kndhbe afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacbe ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockf.
gen: 740 fit: -110 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnoeler gn titwmi dv o suffhr.xyye mgingf and ainvjsxoc oubgageooa df tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more. kndhbe afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacbe ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockf.
gen: 741 fit: -110 chromo: ts bl brhnrm to begeqaugie thqpluhpjihn.lqhether tisjnoeler gn titwmi dv o suffhr.xyye meingf and ainvisxoc oubgageooa df tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldo chebtzngsana npturaleshockh.
gen: 742 fit: -110 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to beceqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titwmi db o suffhr.xyae meingf and ainvjsxoc oubgageoka df tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bseukqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more. kndhbu afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacbe ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockf.
gen: 743 fit: -110 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhpjixn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titwmi db o suffhr.hyae neingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xnctdne. oc eogtake armc a awnet a sexhjf bseukqds a dube aqubsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsani nhturaleshockh.
gen: 744 fit: -110 chromo: ts bp brhnvm to begeqavoie thqpluhpjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titwmi dv o suffhr.xyae ngingf and ainvisxoc oubgageooa df tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more. kndhbe afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwardacae llg chebtzngsane npturaleshockf.
gen: 745 fit: -110 chromo: ts bl brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhpjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titwmi dv o suffxr.xyye meingf and ainvjsxoc oubgageooa df tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuuoqds a dube aqabsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldo chebtzngsana npturaleshockh.
gen: 746 fit: -110 chromo: ts bd brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.dqhether tisjnogler gn titwmikdb o suffhr.xyae meingf and ainvisxoc oubgageooy dn tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dubu aqabsiex end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpvond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 747 fit: -110 chromo: ts bp brhnvm to begeqabgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titwmi dv o suffhr.hybe mgingf and ainvjsxoc oubgageoka df tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more. kndhbe afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana npturalhshockf.
gen: 748 fit: -110 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhpjixn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titwmi dv o suffhr.xabe meingf and ainvisxoc oubgageooa xfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexdjf bseuoqds a dube aqubsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacbe ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockf.
gen: 749 fit: -110 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lahether tisjnogler gn titwmi dv o suffhr.hyae ngingf and aynvisxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dube aqabsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarzacae ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockf.
gen: 750 fit: -110 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to begeqavgif thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn tydwmi dv o suffhr.hyae mgingf and ainvjsxoc oubgageooa dfctdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukqds a dubu auubsiec end tnemd toudie tvescqecg go more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wpbmnd. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtbngsana nhturalfshockh.
gen: 751 fit: -110 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to beceqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titcmi dv o suffxr.xybe mgingf and ainvjsxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukyds a dubu aqubsiec end tnemd toedie tvesaqech go more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wobmnd. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 752 fit: -110 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeyavgie thqdluhpjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titwmi dv o suffhr.xybe neingf and ainvisxoc oubgageooa xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuukyds a debu aqabsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more. kndhbe afsleep te say wpvond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 753 fit: -110 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to beceqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titwmikdv o suffhr.xyae meingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka df tbne. oa eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuuoyds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toedie tvesaqech go more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 754 fit: -110 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjixn.lqhether tisinogler gn titwmi dv o suffhr.xyae neingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka df tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexdjf bsuuoqds a dubu auabsiec end tnemd toedie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbe aesleep te say wpvond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsani npturaleshockf.
gen: 755 fit: -110 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn ti.wmi dv o suffhr.xybe meingf and ainvjsxoc oubgageooa df tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tnemd toudie tvescqecg go more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockf.
gen: 756 fit: -110 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisinogler gn titwmi dv o suffhr.xyae meingf and ainvjsxoc oubgageoka df tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbe aesleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockf.
gen: 757 fit: -110 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjixn.dqhether tisinogler gn titwmi dv o suffhr.wyce ngingf and ainvjsxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexdjf bsuukyds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 758 fit: -110 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to beceqavgie thqppuhnjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titwmikdv o suffhr.xyae neingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuuoyds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toedie tvesaqech eo more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldw chebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 759 fit: -110 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to beceqavgie thqplupnjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titwmi dv o suffhr.xyde mgingf and ainvjsxoc oubgageoka df tbne. oc eoetake armc a awnft a sexhjf bseuoqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toedie tvesaqecg ho more. kndhbe afsleep te say wpbond. tae huarbacae ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockf.
gen: 760 fit: -110 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhpjixn.lqhether tisjnogler gn tixwmikdv o suffhr.xybe meingf and aipxmsxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc moetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuuoyds a dubu aqebsiec end tnemd toudie tvesaqecg go more. cndhbe afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturalfshockh.
gen: 761 fit: -110 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjixn.dqhether tisjnocler gn ti.wmi dv o suffhr.wyce ngingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsquoqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toedie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wobgnd. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsani nhturaleshockf.
gen: 762 fit: -110 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.luhether tisjnogler gn titwmi dv o suffhr.xybe ngingf and ainvjsxoc oubgageoka dfktdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsfuoqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd togdie tvesaqesg go more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wobond. tae hwarbacae ldw chebtzngsana npturaleshockf.
gen: 763 fit: -110 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqargie thqplupnjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn tixwmikdx o suffhr.xyae mcingf and ainvjsxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oa eoetake armc a awnft a sexdjf bseuoyds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toedie tvesaqecg wo more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wobond. tae huarbacae ldg chebtzngsani npturaleshockb.
gen: 764 fit: -110 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjixn.lqhether tisjnogler gn ti.wmi dv o suffhr.xybe meingf and ainvisxod oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexdjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tnemd toedie tvesaqecg go more. kndgbe afsleep te say wobond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockf.
gen: 765 fit: -110 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqargie thqplupnjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn tixwmikdx o suffhr.xyae mcingf and ainvjsxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oa eoetake armc a awnft a sexdjf bseuoyds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toedie tvesaqecg wo more.  ndhbu afsleep te say wobond. tae huarbacae ldg chebtzngsani npturaleshockb.
gen: 766 fit: -110 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhpjihn.dqhether tisjnocler gn ti.wmi dv o suffhr.xyce neingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuuoq.s a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toedie tvesaqecg go more.  ndgbe aesleep te say wobond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 767 fit: -110 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lqhether tisjnogler gn titgmi dv o suffhr.xyae jgingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexdjf bseuoqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toedie tvescqesh go more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wongnd. tae hwarbacae ldw chebtzngsana npturaleshockf.
gen: 768 fit: -109 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn ti.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae jgingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka hh tbne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexdjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd togdie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbe ansleep te say wobond. tae hwarbacae ldw chebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 769 fit: -109 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn ti.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae jgingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka hh tbne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexdjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd togdie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbe ansleep te say wobond. tae hwarbacae ldw chebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 770 fit: -109 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn ti.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae jgingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka hh tbne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexdjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd togdie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbe ansleep te say wobond. tae hwarbacae ldw chebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 771 fit: -109 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn ti.wmikdv o suffxr.xyae meingf and ainvisxoc oubgageooa hh tbne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexdjf bsuuoyds a dubu aqubsiec end tnemd toedie tvesmqecg go more.  ndpbu ansleep te say wobond. tae hwarbacae ldw chebtzngsana nhturalfshockh.
gen: 772 fit: -109 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn ti.wmi dv o suffxr.xzae mgingf and ainvisxow oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tnemd toedie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 773 fit: -109 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn ti.wmi dv o suffxr.xzae mgingf and ainvisxow oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tnemd toedie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 774 fit: -109 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn ti.wmi dv o suffxr.xzae mgingf and ainvisxow oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tnemd toedie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 775 fit: -109 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqplupnjihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn tmdwmi dv o suffxr.xyce meingf and ainvisxow oubgageola xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tnemd toedie tvcsaqecg wo more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wobond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 776 fit: -109 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqplupnjihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn tmdwmi dv o suffxr.xyce meingf and ainvisxow oubgageola xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tnemd toedie tvcsaqecg wo more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wobond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 777 fit: -109 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpjupnjihn.lwhether tisinogler gn ti.wmi dv o suffhr.xybe meingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc asawnet a sexdjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toedie tvgsaqecg go more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wobond. tae huarbacbe ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 778 fit: -109 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluppjixn.lwhether tisjnogler wn tmdwmi dv o suffhr.xyce mgingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhif bsuuoqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toedie tvcsaqecg wo more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wobgnd. tae hwarbacbe ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 779 fit: -109 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqplupnjihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn ti.wmi dv o suffhr.xybe ieingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xh tbne. oc eoetake armc asawnet a sexdbf bsuuoqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd togdie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbe ansleep te say wobond. tae hwarbacbe ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 780 fit: -109 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgia thqpluhnjihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn ti.gmi db o suffhr.xzae mgingf and ainvisxoc oubeageoka hfktdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexdjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toedie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbe ansleep te say wpbond. tae hwarbacae ldw chebtzngsani nhturaleshockf.
gen: 781 fit: -109 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluppjixn.lwhether tisjnogler wn ti.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae mgingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka hfktdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhif bsuuoqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toedie tvcsaqecg wo more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wobond. tae hwarbacbe ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 782 fit: -109 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqplupnjihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffxr.xyae neingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka hh tbne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd togdie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbe ansleep te say wobond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 783 fit: -109 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluppjihn.lwhether tisjnogler cn tm.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae meingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xh tbne. oc eoetake armc asawnet a sexhjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnemd toedie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 784 fit: -109 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhnjihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn ti.wmi dv o suffhr.xyce ngingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sexhjf bsuupqds a dubu aqubsiec end tnemd togdie tvgsaqecg go more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wobond. tae huarbacae ldw chebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 785 fit: -109 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thuplupnjihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffxr.xyce mgingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armd asawnet a sexhjf bsuupqds a dubu aqubsiec end tnemd toedie tvgsbqecg go more.  ndhbe afsleep te say wobond. tae hwarbacae ldg chebtzngsana npturaleshockf.
gen: 786 fit: -109 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqplupnjihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn totwmi dv o suffxr.wyae meingf and ainvistow oubgageola xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a awnet a sehhjf bsuukrds a dubu qqabsiec end tnemd toedie tvasaqecg go more. kndhbu ansleep te say wobond. tae hwarbacae lcg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 787 fit: -109 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhnjihn.lwhether tisinogler gn tmtwmi dv o suffhr.xyae mgingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc asawnet a sehhif bsuuoqds a dubv aqubsiec end tnemd toedie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbe ansleep te say wobond. tae huarbacae ldg ohebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 788 fit: -108 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhnnihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae meingf and aynvisxoc oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.acnet a sehhlf bsuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tjemd toedie tvesaqecg go more. kndhbe ansleep te say wpbgnd. tae hearbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 789 fit: -108 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhnnihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae meingf and aynvisxoc oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.acnet a sehhlf bsuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tjemd toedie tvesaqecg go more. kndhbe ansleep te say wpbgnd. tae hearbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 790 fit: -108 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.dwhether tisinogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffxr.xyae neingf and aynvisxoc oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.awnet a sehhjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tjemd toedie tvesaqecg wo more. kndhbe ansleep te say wpbond. tae hearbacae ldg chebtznwsana nhturaleshockg.
gen: 791 fit: -108 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhnnihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae meingf and aynvisxoc oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.acnet a sehhjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tjem. toedie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbe ansleep te say wobond. tae hgarbacae kdg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 792 fit: -108 chromo: tt bp brhnrn to begeqavgie thqp.upnjihn.lwhetger tisinogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffxr.xyae neingf and aynvistow oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.awnet a sehhjf bsuuoqcs a dubu aqabsiec end tnem. toedie tvesaqecg go more. kndhbe ansleep te say wobond. tae hearbacae ldg chebtzngsani nhturaleshockh.
gen: 793 fit: -107 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begfqavcie thqpluhbnihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae meingf and aynvisxoc oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.acnet a sehhlf bsuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tjem. tomdie tvesaqecg go more. kndhbe ansleep te say wobgnd. tae hearbacae kdg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 794 fit: -107 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhhjihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv.o suffxr.xyae meingf and aynvisxoc oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc asaunet a sehdjf asuuords a dubu aqabsiec end tnem. toedie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobond. tae hearbacae ldg chejtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 795 fit: -107 chromo: tt bp brdnrm to beceqavcie thqpluhnnihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffxr.xyae meingf and aynvisxoc oubgageoib xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a.acnet a sehhjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tmem. tomdie tvesaqecg go more. kndhbe ansleep te say wobond. tae hearbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 796 fit: -107 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqp.uhhjihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv.o suffxr.x ae meingf and aynvisxoc oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc asaunet a sehdjf asuuords a dubu aqabsiec end tnem. toedie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobond. tae hearbacae ldg chejtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 797 fit: -107 chromo: tx bp brhnrm to begfqavcie thqpluhxnihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae meingf and aynvisxoc oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.aunet a sehdjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tjem. toedie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbe ansleep te say wobond. tae hearbacae kdg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 798 fit: -107 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhhjihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv.o suffxr.xyae meingf and amnvistoc oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoutake armc a.awnet a sehdjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tjem. toedie tvasaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobond. tae hearbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 799 fit: -107 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn ti.wmi dv.o suffxr.xyae meingf and aynvisxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a.aunet a sehhjf asuuords a dubu aqabsiec end tbem. toadie tvasaqecg go more.  ndhbe ansleep te say wpbond. tae hearbacae ldg chejtznwsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 800 fit: -107 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhhjihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv.o suffxr.xyae meingf and ainvisxoc oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc asawnet a sehdjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnem. toadie tvasaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobgnd. tae hearbacae ldg chejtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 801 fit: -107 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhnnihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffxr.xyae mgingf and aynvisxoc oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armd a.agnet a sexhlf bsuuoqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnem. tomdie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wpbgnd. tae hearbacae ldc chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 802 fit: -107 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpnihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffxr.xyae meingf and ainvistoc oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.awnet a sexdjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tnem. toedie tvasaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobond. tae hearbacae ldg chebtznwsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 803 fit: -107 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhfjihn.bwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffxr.xyae meingf and aynvisxoc oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc atagnet a sehdlf bsuuords a dubu aqabsiec end tnem. tomdie tvasaqech go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobgnd. tae hearbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 804 fit: -107 chromo: tt bp brhnvm to begeqavcie thqpluhnnihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffxr.xyae meingf and aibvisxoc oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.agnet a sexhjf bsuuords a dubu aqabsiec end tbem. toedie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wpbgnd. tae hearbacae ldc chebtzngsani nhturaleshockf.
gen: 805 fit: -107 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhxjihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffxr.xyae meingf and aynvistoc oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc atagnet a sehdjf asuuoqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnem. toadie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobgnd. tae hearbacae ldg chejtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 806 fit: -107 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhfjihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn ti.wmi dx o suffxr.x ae mfingf and aanvisxoc oubgageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a.aenet a sexdlf bsuuoqds asdubu aqabsiec end tbem. toadie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wpbond. tae hearbacae ldc chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 807 fit: -107 chromo: td bp brhnvm to begeqavcie thqpluhpnihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn ty.wmi dv o suffxr.xyae meingf and aibvisxoc oubgageoka xh tdne. ow eoetake armc a.agnet a sexdjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnem. toudie tvesaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wpbond. tae hearbacae ldg chebtzngsana ngturaleshockg.
gen: 808 fit: -107 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavgie thqpluhpnihn.lwhether tisjnogler wn tm.wmi dv o suffxr.x ae nfingf and aynvisxoc oubgageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.awnet a sehhjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tnem. toudie trcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobond. tae hearbacae llw chebtznwsana nhturalgshockh.
gen: 809 fit: -107 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavaie thqpluhnnihn.lwhether tisjnowler gn tm.wmi dv o suffxr.xyae meingf and aynvisxoc oubhageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a.agnet a sexdjf asuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tnem. toedie tvasaqecg go more. kndhbe ansleep te say wobgnd. tae hearbacae ldc chebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 810 fit: -107 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhhjixn.lwhether tisjnogler gn ti.wmi dx o suffxr.x ae oeingf and ainvisxow oungageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a.agnet a sexhlf bsuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tbem. toidie tvasaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobond. tae hearbacae ldg chebtzngsana nhturaleshockg.
gen: 811 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to beguqavcie thqpluhnlihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae meingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xhktdne. oc eoetake armc a.agnet a sexdjf bsuuords asdubu aqubsiec end tbem. tomdie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc chebtzngsani nhturaleshockh.
gen: 812 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to beguqavcie thqpluhnlihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae meingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xhktdne. oc eoetake armc a.agnet a sexdjf bsuuords asdubu aqubsiec end tbem. tomdie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc chebtzngsani nhturaleshockh.
gen: 813 fit: -106 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dx o suffxr.xyae mfingf and ajnvisxow oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.awnet a sehdjf bsuuords asdubu aqabsiec end tnem. tomdie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tre hearbacae ldc chebtzngsani nhturaleshockh.
gen: 814 fit: -106 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dx o suffxr.xyae mfingf and ajnvisxow oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.awnmt a sehdjf bsuuords asdubu aqabsiec end tnem. tomdie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tre hearbacae ldc chebtzngsani nhturaleshockh.
gen: 815 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp zrhnrm to beguqavcie thqpluhnjihn.dwhether tisjnogler wn tm.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae oeingf and ainvisxoc oubhageoka xhktdne. oc eoetake armc a.agnet a sehdjf bsuuords asdubu aqubsiec end tbem. toadie tvasaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tae hearbacae ldc chebtzngsani nhturaleshockg.
gen: 816 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqnluhnlihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dx o suffxr.xyae mfingf and ainvisxoc oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.awnet a sehdjf bsuuoqds a dubu aqabsiec end tnem. toedie tvasyqecg go more.  ndgbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc chebtbngsani nhturaleshockh.
gen: 817 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to beguqavcie thqpluhnlihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae meingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xhktdne. oc eoetake armc a.agnet a sexdjf bsuuords asdubu aqubsiec end tbem. tomdie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc chebtzngsani nhturaleshockh.
gen: 818 fit: -106 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dx o suffhr.xyae mfingf and aznvisxoc oubhageoka xf tdne. oc eoetake armc a.awnmt a sehdjf bsuucrds asdubu aqabsiec end tbem. toadie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tre hearbacae ldc chebtzngsani nhturaleshockh.
gen: 819 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to beguqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dx o suffhr.xyae meingf and ajnvisxow oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.awnet a sexdjf bsuuords asdubu aqabsiec end tnem. tomdie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tre hearbacae ldc chebtzngsani nhturaleshockh.
gen: 820 fit: -106 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpduhnlihn.dwhether tisjnogler wn tm.wmi df o suffhr.xyae meingf and ajnvisxow oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.agnet a sexdlf bsuuords acdubu aqabsiec end tbem. toudie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tae hearbacae ldc chebtbngsani nhturaleshockh.
gen: 821 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to beguqavcie thqpluhnjihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae oeingf and ainvisxoc oubhageoka xhktdne. oc eoetake armw a.awnet a sehdjf bsuuoqds acdubu aqabsiec end tbem. toadie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tbe hearbacae ldc chebtzngsani nhturaleshockg.
gen: 822 fit: -106 chromo: td bp brhnrm to beguqavcie thqpluhhlihn.dwhether tisjnogler cn tm.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae meingf and aznvisxow oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.agnet a sehdjf zsuuords asdubu aqabsiec end tnem. tomdie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc chebtzngsani nhturaleshockh.
gen: 823 fit: -106 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhflihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi df o suffhr.xqae meingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.awnet a sehdjf bsuuords asdubu asabsiec end tnem. toedie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc chebtbngsani nhturaleshockh.
gen: 824 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to beguqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffhr.xqae nfingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xhktdne. oc eogtake armc a.agnet a sehdjf bsuuords asdubv esabsiec end tnem. tomdie tvcsyqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tre hearbacae ldc chebtzngsani nhturaleshockh.
gen: 825 fit: -106 chromo: td bp brhnrm to beguqavgie thqpluhnjihn.bwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffxr.xqae ieingf and ajnviswoc oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc atawngt a sexdjf zsuuords a dubu asubsiec end tnem. toedie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc chebtzngsana nhturaleshockf.
gen: 826 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnogler cn tm.wmi dv o suffxr.xyae meingf and ajnvisxow oubhageoka xh txne. oc eoetake armc a.agnet a sehdjf bsuuords asdubu aqabsiuc end tbem. toedie tvcsyqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc chejtzngsany nhturalushockh.
gen: 827 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to beguqavcie thqpluhnlihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae meingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xhktdne. oc eoetake armc adawnet a sehdjf bsuuoqds asdubu aqubsiec end tbem. toidie tvesaqekg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc chebtzngsani nhturaleshockh.
gen: 828 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhnnihn.dwhether tisjnogler cn tm.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae mfingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.agnet a sehdjf zsuuords asdubu aqabsiec end tbem. toadie tvcsyqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc chebtbngsana nhturaleshockg.
gen: 829 fit: -106 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begaqavcie thqpluhnlihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffxr.hyae meingf and ajnvisxow oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.agngt a sexdjf bsuuords asdubu aqubsiec end tbem. toidie tvasaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldg chebtzngsani nhturaleshockf.
gen: 830 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhnjihn.dwhether tisjnogler cn tm.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae meingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.agnet a sexdjf bsuuoqds asdubu aqabsiec end tbem. toadie tvcsyqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc cheatbngsana nhturaleshockg.
gen: 831 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to beguqavcie thqpluhpjihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn te.wmisdv o suffhr.xyae meingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xhktdne. oc eoetake armw atawngt a sexdjf zsuuoqds a dubu aqubsiec end tbem. tomdie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tre hearbacae ldc cheatbngsani nhturaleshockf.
gen: 832 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcig thqpluhnjihn.bwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmiydv o suffxr.xyae ieingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xhktdne. oc eoetake armc atawngt a sexdjf zsuuords a dubu aqubsiec end tnem. toadie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc chejtzngsana nhturalushockf.
gen: 833 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to beguqavcie thqpluhnjign.bwhether tisjnogler cn te.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae meingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.agnet a sehdjf zsuuoqds asdubu auabsiec end tbem. toadie tvssyqecg go more. kndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc cheatzngsany nhturaleshocke.
gen: 834 fit: -106 chromo: ts bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqp.uhnjihn.lwhether tisjnogler on te.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae meingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armw a.agngt a sehdjf zsuuoqds asdubu ayabsiec end tbem. toidie tvasaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tre hearbacae ldc cheatzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 835 fit: -106 chromo: td bp brhnrm to beguqavcie thqpluhpjihn.bwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffxr.xyae neingf and ajnvisxow oubhageoka xhktdne. oc eoetake armc a.awngt a sehdjf bsuuords asdubu aqabsiec end tbem. toidie tvcsyqecg go more.  ndhba absleep te say wobend. tre hearbacae ldc chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 836 fit: -106 chromo: t. bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.bwhether tisjnogler gn tm.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae ifingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.agnwt a sehdjf zsuuords a dubu auudsiec end tbem. tomdie tvcsaqecg go more. kndhbu absleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae .dg cheatbngsana nhturaleshocke.
gen: 837 fit: -106 chromo: t. bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.dwhether tisjnogler mn to.wmi dv o suffxr.xyae nfingf and ajnfisxow oubhageooa xhktdne. oc eoetake armc a.awnwt a sexdjf bsuuords a dubu aqmbsiec end tbem. tondie tvcsyqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc chebtbngsana nhturalushockh.
gen: 838 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhnjihn.dwhether tisjnogler cn te.wmiydv o suffxr.xyae ifingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xhktdne. oc eoetake armc a.awngt a sehdjf zsuuords asdubu auubsiec end tnem. toidie tvasaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep tg say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc cheatzngsani nhturalushocke.
gen: 839 fit: -106 chromo: td bp brhnvm to beguqavcie thqpluhpjihn.bwhether tisjnogler gn tg.wmiydv o suffhr.xyae ieingf and ajnxisxoc oubhageoka xhktdne. oc eoetake armc a.awnet a sexdjf bsuuords asdubu auabsifc end tbem. tomdie tvasaqekg go more.  ndhba ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae .dc chebtzngsani nhturaleshockg.
gen: 840 fit: -106 chromo: tt bn brhnrm to beweqavcie thqpluhpjihn.bwhether tisjnogler cn tg.wmi dv o suffhr.dyae ieingf and ajnvisxow oubhageoka xhktdne. oo eoetake armc a.agnet a sexdjf z uuords asdubu auabsiec end tbem. toidie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc cheatbngsana nhturalushocke.
gen: 841 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcig thqp.uhnjihn.dwhether tisjnogler cn tm.wmi dv o suffxr.xyae mfingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoftake armc a.awngt a sehdjf bsuuoqds a dubu ayubsiec end tbem. toidie tvasaqecg go more. kndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc chebtzngsana nhturaleshockh.
gen: 842 fit: -106 chromo: t. bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.bwhether tisjnogler gn te.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae ieingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xd tdne. oc eoetake armc a.agnwt a sexdjf zsuuords asdubu aqubsiec end tbem. tomdie tvcsaqecg go more. kndhbu apsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae .dg cheatbngsana nhturalmshockg.
gen: 843 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.bwhether tisjnogler gn tg.wmi dx o suffhr.xyae ifingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.awnet a sexdjf zsuuords asdubu aqabsiec end tbem. toadie tvasaqecg go more.  ndhbv ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae .dc chebtzngsana nhturalushocke.
gen: 844 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqp.uhnjihn.bwhether tisjnogler cn tg.wmi dv o suffxr.xyae ifingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.awnet a sexdjf zsuuords asdubu auubsiec end tbem. toidie tvasaqecg go more.  ndhbv ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc chebtzngsani nhturaleshockg.
gen: 845 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrn to begeqavcie thqp.uhnjihn.bwhether tisjnogler gn te.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae kfingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageooa xd tdne. oc eoftake armc a.agnwt a sexdjf bsuuords a dubu ayubsiec end tbem. toidie tvcsaqecg go more. kndhbu apsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc cheatbngsana nhturaleshockg.
gen: 846 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.bwhether tisjnogler gn tg.wmi dx o suffhr.xyae ifingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.awnet a sexdjf zsuuords asdubu aqabsiec end tbem. toadie tvasaqecg go more.  ndhbv ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae .dc chebtzngsana nhturalushocke.
gen: 847 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn to.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae mfingf and ajnvisxow oubhageola xh txne. oc eoetake armd a.agnut a sexdjf jsuuoqds asdubu aqabsiec end tbem. tomdie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu absleep te say wobend. tre hearbacae ldc cheatzngsank nhturalushocke.
gen: 848 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brxnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.bwhether tisjnogler cn tg.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae ifingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageola xd tdne. oc eoetake armd a.agngt a sexdjf zsuuords asdubu aqabsiec end tbem. toadie tvcsaqecc go more.  ndhbu absleep te say wozend. tre hearbacae ldc chebtzngsana nhturalushocke.
gen: 849 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqhluhpjihn.bwhether tisjnogler gn tg.wmi dx o suffhr.xyae ifingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.awnet a setdjf zsuuords asdubu aqabsiec end tbem. toadie tvasaqecg go more.  ndhbv ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae .dc chebtzngsana nhturalushocke.
gen: 850 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqp.uhnjihn.dwhether tisjnogler cn ti.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae mfingf and ajfvisxow oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.agngt a sehdjf bsuuoqds asdubu aqabsiec end taem. toidie tvcsyqecg go more.  ndhbu ajsleep te say wobend. tre hearbacae ldc chebtzngsana nhturalushocke.
gen: 851 fit: -106 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.bwhether tisjnogler gn tg.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae kfingb and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf b vuords asdubw bqabsiec end tbem. toadie tvcsyqecg go more. kndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae .dc cheatzngsanc nhturalushockg.
gen: 852 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.bwhether tisjnogler gn tg.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae meingf and ajnvisxow oubhageoka xhktdne. oc eoetake armc a.agnut a sexdjf jsuuords asdubu aqabsiec end tbem. toedie tvasaqecg go more.  ndhbu absleep te say wobend. tte hearbacae ldk chebtzngsana nhturalushocke.
gen: 853 fit: -106 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn tg.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae ieingb and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.agnut a sehdjf b vucqds asdubu aqabsiec end tbem. toidie tvcsyqecg go more.  ndxbu ansleep te say wobend. tre hearbacae .dc cheatzngsank nhturalushocke.
gen: 854 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrn to begeqavcie thqpluhnlihn.bwhether tisjnogler cn tg.wmi dx o suffhr.xyae ifingf and ajnvisxow oubhageoka xhktdne. oc eoetake armd a.awngt a sexdjf zsuuords asdubu aqabsiec end tbem. toadie tvasbqecg go more.  ndhbv ansleep te say wobend. tre hearbacae ldc chebtznwsana nhturalfshocke.
gen: 855 fit: -106 chromo: td bp brhnro to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.bwhether tisjnogler gn to.wmi dx o suffxr.xyae mfingf and ajnvisxow oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.agnut a sehdjf j uuoqds asdubu aqabsiec end tbem. tomdie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndhbv azsleep te say wobend. tre hearbacae .dg chebtzngsana nhturalushocke.
gen: 856 fit: -106 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn tg.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xh txne. oc eoetake armc a.agnut a setdjf zsuuords asdubu aqadsiec end tbem. tomdie txcsaqecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tre hearbacae lcc chebtzngsana nhturalushocke.
gen: 857 fit: -106 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.bwhether tisjnowler gn tg.wmi dx o suffdr.xyae ieingf and ajnvisxow oubhageoka xh tcne. oc eoetake armd a.awnut a setdjf zsuuprds asdubu aqadsiec end tbem. toadie tvcsbqecg go more.  ndhbu ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae ldc chejtzngsanc nhturalfshocke.
gen: 858 fit: -106 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.dwhether tisjnogler cn te.wmi dx o suffhr.xyae ieingb and ajnvisxoc oubhageola xh tdne. oa eoetake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf b uuords asdubu bqadsiec end tbem. toidie txcsaqecg go more. kndhbu ajsleep te say wobend. tre hearbacae .dc cheatzfgsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 859 fit: -106 chromo: tc bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqp.uhnjipn.dwhether tisjnogler cn to.wmi dx o suffhr.xyae ifingb and ajnvisxow oubhageoka xhktdne. oc eoutake armc a.awnwt a setdjf zsuuprds asdubu aqabsiec end tbem. toadie tvcsbqecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae .cg cheatzngsanc nfturalushocke.
gen: 860 fit: -106 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpnihn.lwhether tisjnogler gn tc.wmi dxyo suffhr.xyae mfingf and ajnvisxow oubhageoka xh txne. oa eoetake armc a.agnwt a sehdjf z uucrds asdubu aqabsiec end tbem. toadie tvcscqecg go more.  ndxbu absleep te say wobend. tre hearbacae .cg cheatyfgsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 861 fit: -106 chromo: tc bp zrhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhnjihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn to.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae ieingb and ajnvisxow oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf z uupqds asdvbu aqabsiec end tbem. toadie tvcsaqecg go more.  ndxbv ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae .cc cheatyngsanc nhturalushockg.
gen: 862 fit: -106 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavkie thqp.uhpzihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn to.wmi dxyo suffhr.xyae ieingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xh tdne. oa eoetake armc a.agnwt a sehdjf b uucqds asdubu aqubsiec end tbem. toadie tvcsaqekg go more.  ndhbu absleep te say wozend. tre hearbacae .cc cheatzfgsana nhturalushocke.
gen: 863 fit: -106 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqabcie thqpluhpjihn.bwhether tisjnogler gn to.wmi dx o suffhr.xyae ieingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xh tdne. oc eoetake armc a.agnwt a sexdjf bsuuoqds asdubw aqabsiec end tbem. toadie tvasaaecg go more.  ndhbu azsleep te say wpbend. tqe hearbacae .dc cheatzfgsana nfturalushockg.
gen: 864 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpduhpjipn.dwhether tisjnowler gn to.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xh txne. oa eoetake armc a.awnut a sexdjf z uucrds asdubu byabsiec end tbem. toadie tvcsauecg go more. kndvbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae .cc cheatzngsanc nhturalushocke.
gen: 865 fit: -106 chromo: tt bp brhnrn to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.dwhether tisjnowler cn to.wmi dv o suffhr.x.ae ifingf and ajnvisxoc oubhageoka xhktdne. oa eoetake armc a.agngt a sexdjf bsuuords asdubu aqabsiec end tbem. toadie tvasbqecg go more.  ndhbu absleep te say wobend. tre hearbacae .cg cheatzfwsana nhturalushocke.
gen: 866 fit: -105 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.bwhether tisjnowler cn th.wmi dx o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxod oudhageoka xh tdne. oa eoetake armc a.awnwt a sexdjf zsuuoqds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toidie txcsbqecg wo more.  ndxbv ajsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc chebtzngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 867 fit: -105 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.bwhether tisjnowler cn th.wmi dx o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxod oudhageoka xh tdne. oa eoetake armc a.awnwt a sexdjf zsuuoqds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toidie txcsbqecg wo more.  ndxbv ajsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc chebtzngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 868 fit: -105 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.bwhether tisjnowler cn th.wmi dx o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxod oudhageoka xh tdne. oa eoetake armc a.awnwt a sexdjf zsuuoqds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toidie txcsbqecg wo more.  ndxbv ajsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae ldc chebtzngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 869 fit: -105 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.wmi dx o suffhr.xyae ifingb and ajnvisxod oudhageoka xh tdne. oa eoetake armc a.awnwt a sehdjb bsuukrds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toidie txcsbuecg go more.  ndhbu azsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lgd chebtzngsana nhturalqshockg.
gen: 870 fit: -104 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.wmi dx o suffhr.xyae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoetake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toadie tvcsbuecg go more. kndhbu absleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lgd chebtzngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 871 fit: -104 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.wmisdx o suffhr.xyae ifingb and ainfisdoc oudhageoka xh tdne. oa eoetake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf zsuucqds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toidie txcsbuecg wo more.  ndxbu absleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lgd chebtzngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 872 fit: -104 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.wmi dx o suffhr.xyae ifingb and ajnvisxod oudhageoka xh tdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuu rds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toadie tvcsbuecg go more. kndhbu absleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lgd chebtzngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 873 fit: -104 chromo: tt bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplipn.dwhether tisjnogler gn th.wmisdx o suffhr.x ae ifingf and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xh tdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sexdjf bsuuords asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toadie tvcsbuecg go more. kndhbu absleep te say wobend. tre hearbacae lcd cheatzngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 874 fit: -104 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae ifingb and ajnvisxod oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoetake armc a.awnut a sehdjf bsuu qds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toadie tvcsbuecg go more. kndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lgd chebtzfgsana nhturalvshockg.
gen: 875 fit: -104 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnogler gn th.wmi dx o suffhr.xyae ifingb and ajnvisdoc oudhageoka xh tdne. oa eoetake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf zsuuoqds asdwbu aqabsiec end tvem. toadie txcsbuecg go more. kndhbu absleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lgd cheatzngsana nhturalqshockg.
gen: 876 fit: -104 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpdihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.wmi dx o suffhr.xqae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eovtake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toadie tvcsbuecg go more. kndhbu absleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lgd chebtzngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 877 fit: -104 chromo: td bp vrhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.xyae ieingb and ajnfisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoetake armc a.awnut a sehdjf bsuu qds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toadie txcsbuecg wo more.  ndhbu absleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lgd chebtzngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 878 fit: -104 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.wmi dx o suffhr.xyae ifingb and ajnvisxod oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armb a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toadie tvcsbuecg go more. kndhbu absleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lgd chebtzngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 879 fit: -104 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn thzwmi dx o suffhr.xyae ifingb and ajnvisdoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oc eoetake armc a.awnut a sehdjf zsuuords asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsnuecg go more. kndhbv azsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae .cd cheatzngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 880 fit: -104 chromo: td bp brhnrm to beceqavcie thqpluhpdihn.bwhether tisjnowler gn thzwmi dx o suffhr.t ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xh tdne. oa eoetake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toedie tvcsbuecg go more. kndhbu absleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lgd chebtzngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 881 fit: -104 chromo: td bp brhnrm to beceqavcie thqpluhpbihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn thzwmi dx o suffhr.x ue ifingb and ajnvisdoc oudhageoka xh tcne. oa eoetake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bquucqds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toadie tvcsbuecg go more. kndhbu absleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lgd chebtzngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 882 fit: -104 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler cn th.wmi dd o suffhr.xyae ifingb and ajnvisdod oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoetake arma a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds asdubu aqabsiec end tfem. toadie tvcsbuecg go more. kndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lgd chebtzngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 883 fit: -104 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn thzwmi dx o suffhr.xyae ifingb and alnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoetake armc a.awnut a sehdjf zsuu rds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toadie tvcsnuecg go more. kndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae .gd cheatzfgsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 884 fit: -104 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.bwhether tisjnowler cn th.wmi dx o suffhr.xyae ifingr and ajnvisxod oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds asdubu aqubsiec end tvem. toadie tvcsbwecg go more.  ndhbu ajsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae jcd cheatzngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 885 fit: -104 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhhjihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn thzwmi dx o suffhr.xyae ifingb and alnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoetake armc a.awnut a sehdjf zsuu rds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toadie tvcsnuecg go more. kndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae .gd cheatzfgsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 886 fit: -104 chromo: td bp brhnrm to beceqavcie thqpluhplihn.twhether tisjnowler gn th.wmi dx o suffhr.xyae ifingb and ajnvisxod oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bquuoqds asdvbu aqubsiec end tvem. toadie tvcszuecg go more. kndhbu absleep te say wobend. tqe heardacae lgd chebtzngsana nhturalvshockg.
gen: 887 fit: -104 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqplufplidn.dwhether tisjnogler cn th.wmi dx o suffhr.xyae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuukrds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toadie tucsnuecg go more. kndhbu absleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae .gd chebtrngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 888 fit: -104 chromo: td bp brdnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.twhether tisjnowler gn th.wmi dx o suffpr.xyae ifingb and ajnvisxod oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoetake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toadie tvcsbuecg go more.  ndhbu absleep te say wobend. tqe heardacae lgd chebtzfgsana nhturalvshockw.
gen: 889 fit: -104 chromo: tc bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler cn th.wmi dd o suffhr.xyae ifingb and ajnvisdod ou.hageoka xhctdne. oa eovtake armc a.awnut a sehdjf bsuu qds asdvbu aqcbsiec end tvem. toidie tucsbuecg go more.  ndhbu absleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae .gd chebtzngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 890 fit: -104 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.twhether tisjnogler gn th.wmi dx o suffhr.xyae ieingb and ajfvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoetake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toadie tvcsduecg go more.  ndhbu absleep te say wobend. tqe heardacae lgd chebtzngsana nhturalvshockw.
gen: 891 fit: -104 chromo: tc bp brdnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.dwhether tisjnowler cn th.wmi dx o suffhr.xyae ifingb and ajnvisdod oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoutake armc atawnut a sehcjf bsuucqds asdubu aqabsimc end tvem. toadie tvcsbqecg go more. kndhbu absleep te say wobend. tqe heardacae .gd cheatzfgsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 892 fit: -104 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjihn.dwhether tisjnowler cn th.wmi dx o suffpr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisdoc oudhageoka xh tdne. oa eoetake armc a.awnwt a sefdjf bsuuoqds asdvbu aqabsiec end tvem. toadie tucsnuecg go more.  ndhbu azsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lcd chebtzngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 893 fit: -104 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpdihn.dwhether tisjnoxler cn thzwmi dx o suffhr.x ae ifingr and alnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoetake armc atawnwt a sexdjf bsuucqds aqdubu bqabsiac end tvem. toadie tucsauecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wobend. tqe heardacae lgd chebtzngsanc nhturalvshockw.
gen: 894 fit: -103 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.wmiydx o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxod oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds asdubu aqcbsiec end tvem. toadie tvcsbeecg go more. kndhbu ajsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lgd chebtzfgsana nhturalushockw.
gen: 895 fit: -103 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.wmiydx o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxod oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds asdubu aqcbsiec end tvem. toadie tvcsbeecg go more. kndhbu ajsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lgd chebtzfgsana nhturalushockw.
gen: 896 fit: -103 chromo: td bp brhnrm to beceqavcie thqpluhplihn.bwhether tisjnowler cn th.wmi dx o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisdoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.agnwt a sexdjf bsuuoqds asdubu aqcbsiec end tvem. toadie tvcsbeecg go more. kndhbu ajsleep te say wobend. tqe heardacae jgd cheatzngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 897 fit: -103 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.wmi dx o suffhr.xyae ifingb and ajnvisxod oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds aqdubu aqcbsiec end tvem. toadie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbu ansleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lgd chebtzfgsana nhturalushockw.
gen: 898 fit: -103 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqplufplihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.wmiydx o suffpr.x ae ifingb and alnvisxod oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds asdubu aqabsiec end tuem. toidie tucsbeecg go more. kndhbu ajsleep tf say wodend. tqe hearbacae lkd chebtzfgsana nhturalushockw.
gen: 899 fit: -103 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqplufplihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.wmiydx o suffpr.x ae ifingb and alnvisxod oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds asdubu aqabsiec end tuem. toidie tucsbeecg go more. kndhbu ajsleep tf say wodend. tqe hearbacae lkd chebtzfgsana nhturalushockw.
gen: 900 fit: -103 chromo: td bp brhnrm to beceqavcia thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler cn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisdoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.agnwt a sehdjf bsuuoqds asdubu arabsiec end tvem. toadie tvcsneecg go more. kndhbu azsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae jcd cheatzngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 901 fit: -103 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.wmiydx o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxod oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds asdubu aqcbsiec end tvem. toadie tvcsbeecg go more. kndhbu ajsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lgd chebtzfgsana nhturalushockw.
gen: 902 fit: -103 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler cn th.wmi dv o suffpr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisdoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc atawnwt a sehdjf zsuucqds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toadie tvcsneecg go more. kndhbu ajsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lcd cheatzngsana nhturalvshockg.
gen: 903 fit: -103 chromo: td bd brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi dx o suffhr.x ae ifingr and alnbisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eovtake armc a.axnwt a sehcjf bsuucqds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toidie txcsbeecg go more. kndhbu ajsleep te say wobend. tqe heardacae lgd cheatzfgsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 904 fit: -103 chromo: td bp brhnrm to beceqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.wmi dx o suffhr.xcae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds asdebu arcbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg wo more. kndhbu ajsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lgd chebtzfgsana nhturalushockw.
gen: 905 fit: -103 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpjifn.dwhether tisjnowler cn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae mfingb and ajnvisdoc oudhageoka xhct.ne. oc eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuuoqds aqdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toadie tucsbeecg go more.  ndhbu azsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae jgd chebtzngsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 906 fit: -103 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqplufplihn.dwhether tisjnowler cn th.wmiydx o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds asdubu aqabsiec end tvem. toadie tucsbeecg go more. kndhbu ajsleep te say wo.end. tqe hearbacae lgd chebtzfgsana nhturalushockw.
gen: 907 fit: -103 chromo: td bp brhnrm to beceqavcie thqpluhpjihn.dwhether tisjnowler cn th.wmi dx o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sexdjf bsuucqds asdubu arabsiec end tvem. toadie tvcsbeecg go more. kndhbu ajsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lgd chebtzfgsana nhturalushockg.
gen: 908 fit: -103 chromo: td bp brhnrm to beceqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnogler gn thzwmi dx o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oc eoftake armc a.agnwt a sehdjf bseucqds asdubu aqcbsiec end tvem. toadie tucsneecc go more. kndhbu azsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae jgd oheatzngsana nhturalushockw.
gen: 909 fit: -103 chromo: td bp brhnrm to beceqavcie thqpluhplihn.lwhether tislnogler cn thzwmi dx o suffhr.x ae ifinga and abnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oc eobtake armc a.acnwt a sextjf bsuuoqds asdebu aqcbsiec end tvem. toadie tucsaeecg eo more.  ndhbu ajsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lgd cheatzfgsana nhturalushockw.
gen: 910 fit: -103 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler wn thdwmi dx o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvmsxod oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sexdjf bsuucqds asdebu arcbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae lgd chebtzfgsana nhturalushockw.
gen: 911 fit: -102 chromo: td bp brhnqm to begeqavcie thqpluxplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and alnvisxoc oudhageoka xhct.ne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds aqdnbu aqcbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more. kndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 912 fit: -102 chromo: td bp brhnqm to begeqavcie thqpluxplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and alnvisxoc oudhageoka xhct.ne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds aqdnbu aqcbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more. kndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 913 fit: -102 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluxplihn.dwhether tisjnowler cn th.wmi dx o suffhr.x ae ifingb and abnrisxoc oudpageoka xhct.ne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds asdmbu arcbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 914 fit: -102 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluxplihn.dwhether tisjnowler cn th.wmi dx o suffhr.x ae ifingb and abnrisxoc oudpageoka xhct.ne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds asdmbu arcbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 915 fit: -102 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluxplihn.dwhether tisjnowler cn th.wmi dx o suffhr.x ae ifingb and abnrisxoc oudpageoka xhct.ne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds asdmbu arcbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 916 fit: -102 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluxplihn.dwhether tisjnowler cn th.wmi dx o suffhr.x ae ifingb and abnrisxoc oudpageoka xhct.ne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds asdmbu arcbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 917 fit: -102 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler cn th.wmi dx o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds a dmba arabsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 918 fit: -102 chromo: td bp brhnqm to begeqavcie thqpluxplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and alnvisxoc oudhageoka xhct.ne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds aqdnbu aqcbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more. kndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 919 fit: -102 chromo: td bp brhnro to beceqavcie thqpluhplihn.lwhether tislnowler wn th.wmi dx o suffhr.x ae ifingb and alnvisdoc oudhageoka xhcttne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sexdjf bsuucqds aqdabu aqabsiec end tvem. toadie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 920 fit: -102 chromo: td bp brhnqm to begeqavcie thqpluxplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and alnvisxoc oudhageoka xhct.ne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuuaqds aqdnbu aqcbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more. kndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 921 fit: -102 chromo: td bp brhnqm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler cn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxod oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds aqdabu arabsiec end tuem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more. kndhbu ajsleep te say wobend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 922 fit: -101 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds aydnby arabsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 923 fit: -101 chromo: td bl brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds a dnby arcbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wczend. tqe hearbacae led cheatzfcsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 924 fit: -101 chromo: td bl brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds a dnby arcbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 925 fit: -101 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler cn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and alnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds a dnby arcbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg oo more. kndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 926 fit: -101 chromo: td bl brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoetake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds a dnby arcbsiec end tvem. toidie tfcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lad chebtzfcsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 927 fit: -101 chromo: td bl brhnqm to begeqavcie thqpluxplifn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.cmi.dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctpne. oa eoftake armc a.agnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds aydnby arcbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 928 fit: -101 chromo: td bl brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds a dnby ardbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 929 fit: -101 chromo: td bl brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds a dnby arcbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wczend. tqe hearbacae led cheatzfcsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 930 fit: -101 chromo: td bl brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds a dnby ardbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 931 fit: -101 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds aydnby crabsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheatzfcsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 932 fit: -101 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcim thqpkuhplihn.dwhether tislnowler cn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds aqdnby aqcbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 933 fit: -101 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler wn th.wmi.dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awngt a sehdjf bsvucqds aydnby crcbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg oo more. kndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 934 fit: -101 chromo: td bl brhnrm to beceqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudxageoka xhct.ne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds aydnby crabsiec end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 935 fit: -101 chromo: td bl brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajmvisxoc oudhageoka xhctlne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds a dnby arcbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg eo more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae ked cheatzfcsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 936 fit: -101 chromo: td bl brhnrm to beceqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsvucqds aydnby crcbsiec end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wczend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 937 fit: -101 chromo: td bl brhnrm to begeyavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisknowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.w ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudxageoka xhct.ne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds a dnby arcbsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wczend. tqe hearbacae led cheatzfcsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 938 fit: -101 chromo: td bl brxnqm to beceqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctpne. oa eoftake armc a.agngt a sehdjf bsuucqds aydnby crcbsigc end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wczend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 939 fit: -101 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudxageokc xhctlne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds aydnby arabsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 940 fit: -101 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluxplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi.dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsvucqds aydnby crcbsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 941 fit: -101 chromo: td bl brxnrm to begeqavcie thqpluholihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnfisxoc oudhageola xhatdne. oa uoftake arm  a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds a dnby crcdsiec end tvem. toidie tvcsbeech go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 942 fit: -101 chromo: td bl zrhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae afingb and ajnvisxoc oudxageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds a dnby crcbsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wczend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 943 fit: -101 chromo: td bl brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler en th.cmi dv o suffhr.xkae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctpne. oa eoftake armc a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds aydnby crcbsigc end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 944 fit: -100 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqafcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa uoftake arms a.awnwt a sehdjf bsvucqds aydnby crabsiea end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 945 fit: -100 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqafcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa uoftake arms a.awnwt a sehdjf bsvucqds aydnby crabsiea end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 946 fit: -100 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqafcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.cmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctpne. oa eoftake arms a.awnwt a sehdjf bsvucqds aydnby crabsiea end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more. .ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 947 fit: -100 chromo: td bl brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluxplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake armc a.awnst a sehdjf bsuucqds aydnby crcdsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg eo more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lfd chebtzfgsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 948 fit: -100 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpkuxplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.cmi dv o suffhr.x ce ifingb and ajvvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa eoftake arms a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds aydnby crcvsiea end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearaacae led chebtzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 949 fit: -100 chromo: td bn brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhpkihn.dwhether tislnowler gn thtcmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka hhctdne. oa uoftake arms a.awnwt a sehdjf bsvucqds aydnby crcbsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wczend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 950 fit: -100 chromo: td bl brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi.dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka hhctdne. oa uoftake arms a.awnwt a sehdjf bsrucqds aydnby crabsiea end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 951 fit: -100 chromo: td bp brhnqm to begeqavcie thqpluhpkihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka hhctpne. oa uontake arms a.awnwt a sehdjf bsvucqds aydnby crabsiea end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wczend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 952 fit: -100 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begmqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.cmi dv o suffhr.x ae afingb and alvvisxoc oudhageoka xhct.ne. oa eoftake arms a.awnct a sehdjf bsuucqds aydnby crcbsiea end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearaacae led chebtzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 953 fit: -100 chromo: td bl brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisjnowler gn th.cmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajvvisxoc oudhageoka xhct.ne. oa eoftake arms a.awnct a sehdjf bsuucqds aydnby crcdsiea end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearaacie led chebtzfcsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 954 fit: -100 chromo: td bp brhnzm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler hn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajvvisxoc oudhageoka hhctdne. oa eoftake arms a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuucqds aydnby crabsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more. .ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheatzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 955 fit: -100 chromo: td bp brhnqm to begeqafcie thapluhpkihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka hhctpne. oa uontake arms a.awnwt a sehdjf bsvucqds aydnby iradsiea end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsana nhturalushocks.
gen: 956 fit: -99 chromo: td bl brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.xmi.dv o sufffr.h ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka hhctdne. oa uontake arms a.awnwt a sehdjf bsvubqds aydnby cradsiea end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wkzend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 957 fit: -99 chromo: td bl brhnrm to begeqavcie thqdluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.xmi.dv o sufffr.h ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka hhctdne. oa uontake arms a.awnwt a sehdjf bsvubqds aydnby cradsiea end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wkzend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 958 fit: -99 chromo: td bl brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.xmi.dv o sufffr.h ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka hhctdne. oa uontake arms a.awnwt a sehdjf bsvubqds aydnby cradsiea end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wkzend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 959 fit: -99 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqafcie thapluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka hhctdne. oa eontake arms a.awnst a sehdjf bsuucqds aydnby cradsiea end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wczend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 960 fit: -99 chromo: td bp brpnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler wn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka hhctdne. oa eoftake arms a.awnst a sehdjf bsvucqds aydnby crabsiea end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more. sndhbv ajsleep te say wczend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsani nhturalashocks.
gen: 961 fit: -99 chromo: td bl brhnzm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.xmi.dv o sufffr.h ae ifingb and ajfvisxoc oudhageoka hhctdne. oa eoetake arms a.awnwt a sehdjf bsuubqds aydnby cradsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 962 fit: -99 chromo: td bl brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.xmi.dv o sufffr.h ae ifingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka hhctdne. oa uontake arms a.awnwt a sehdjf bsvubqds aydnby cradsiea end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wkzend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 963 fit: -99 chromo: td bl brfnqn to beggqavcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler wn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ieingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoca hhctdne. ow uoftake arms a.awnst a sehdjf bsvucqds aydnby cradsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more. sndhbv ajsleep te say wczend. tqe hearbacae led cheatzfcsani nxturalushocks.
gen: 964 fit: -99 chromo: td bp brhnre to begeqafcie thapluhpkihn.dwhether tisknowler gn th.wmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajbvishoc oudhageoka hhctcne. oa eovtake arms a.awnst a sehdjf bsvucqds aydnby krcdsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfdsank nhturalushocks.
gen: 965 fit: -99 chromo: td bp nrhnre to begeqafcie thapluhpkihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka hhctdne. oa eovtake arms a.awnst a sehdjf bsvucqds azdnby crcdsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wojend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfdsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 966 fit: -99 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqafcie thapluhpkihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.x ae kfingb and ajnvisxoc oudhageoka xhctdne. oa uoftake arms a.asnst a sehdjf bsvucqds aydnby cradsiea end tvem. toidie tvcsbeech go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wojend. tqe hearaacae led cheatzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 967 fit: -98 chromo: td bp brhnre to begeqafcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.h ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka hhctdne. oa eovtake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bsuubqds aydnby cradsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 968 fit: -98 chromo: td bp brhnre to begeqafcie thapluhpkihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajbvishoc oudhageoka hhctcne. oa eontake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bsuubqds aydnby crcdsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tre hearbacae led chebtzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 969 fit: -98 chromo: td bp brhnre to begeqafcie thapluhpkihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajbvishoc oudhageoka hhctcne. oa eontake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bsuubqds aydnby crcdsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tre hearbacae led chebtzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 970 fit: -98 chromo: td bp brhnre to begeqafcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.h ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka hhctdne. oa eovtake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bsaubqds aydnby cradsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 971 fit: -98 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqafcie thqpluhpkihn.dwhether tislnowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.xkae ifingb and ajbvishoc oudhageoka hhctdne. oa eovtake arms a.awnst a sehdjf bsuubqds aydpby crcdsiea end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tre hearbacae led chebtzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 972 fit: -98 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeqavcie thqpluhplign.dwhether tislnowler on th.xmi dv o sufffr.h ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka hhctdne. oa eobtake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bsvubqds aydnby cradsiea end tvem. toidie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae .ed chebtzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 973 fit: -98 chromo: td bp nrhnre to begeqafcie thapluhpkihn.dwhether tisknowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajbvishoc oudhageokc hhctcne. ou eontake arms a.asnst a sehdjf bsuubqds aydnby crcdsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wojend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 974 fit: -98 chromo: td bp brhnre to begeqafcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tisknowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.h ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a hhctdne. oa eoftake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bsbubqds aydnby crcdsifm end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndpbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lud chebtzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 975 fit: -97 chromo: td bp brhnre to begeqafcie thepluhplihn.dwhether tisknowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.h ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka hhwtcne. oa eoftake arms a.aunst a sehdnf bsvubqds aydnby cradsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 976 fit: -97 chromo: td bp brhnre to begeqafcie thepluhplihn.dwhether tisknowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.h ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka hhwtcne. oa eoftake arms a.aunst a sehdnf bsvubqds aydnby cradsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 977 fit: -97 chromo: td bp brhnre to begeqafcie thepluhplihn.dwhether tisknowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.h ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka hhwtcne. oa eoftake arms a.aunst a sehdnf bsvubqds aydnby cradsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 978 fit: -97 chromo: td bp brhnre to begeqafcie thepluhplihn.dwhether tisknowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.h ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka hhwtcne. oa eoftake arms a.aunst a sehdnf bsvubqds aydnby cradsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 979 fit: -97 chromo: td bp brhnre to begeqafcie thepkuhplihn.dwhether tisknowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.x ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka hhwtdne. oa eovtake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bsaubqds aydnby cradsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wojend. tqe hearbacae led cheatzfgsani nhturaleshocks.
gen: 980 fit: -97 chromo: td bp brhnre to begesafcie thqpluhplihn.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.h ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a hhctdne. oy eoftake arms a awnst a sehdnf bsuubyds aydnby cradsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae .ed  hebtzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 981 fit: -96 chromo: td bp brhnre to beggsafcie thepluhplihn.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.h.ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a hhwtdne. oy eontake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bsuubyds aydnby cradsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 982 fit: -96 chromo: td bp brhnre to beggsafcie thepluhplihn.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.h.ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a hhwtdne. oy eontake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bsuubyds aydnby cradsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 983 fit: -96 chromo: td bp brhnre to beggsafcie thepluhplihn.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.h.ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a hhwtdne. oy eontake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bsuubyds aydnby cradsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 984 fit: -96 chromo: td bp brhnre to beggsafcie thepluhplihn.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dv o suffhr.h.ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a hhwtdne. oy eontake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bsuubyds aydnby cradsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 985 fit: -96 chromo: td bp brhnrm to begeravcie thepluhplihn.dwhether tisknowler gn th.xmi dv o suffer.x ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka hhwtdne. ou eontake arms a.awnst a sehdbf bsaubq.s aydnby crabsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 986 fit: -96 chromo: td bp brhnrm to beggtafcie thepluhpkihn.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dv o suffgr.h.ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka hhwtdne. oq eontake arms a.awnst a sehdjf bsuubqds aydnby crabsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 987 fit: -96 chromo: td bp brhnre to begeqavcie thepkuhplign.dwhether tis nowler on th.tmi dv o suffhr.d ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoca hhwtdne. oy eovtake arms a.awnst a sehdff bsvubyds aydnby cradsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheftzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 988 fit: -96 chromo: td bp brhnre to begeqavcie thepkuhplign.dwhether tis nowler on th.tmi dv o suffhr.d ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoca hhwtdne. oy eovtake arms a.awnst a sehdff bsvubyds aydnby cradsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheftzfcsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 989 fit: -96 chromo: td bp brhnre to begesafcie thepluhplihn.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dv o suffer.h ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a hhwtdne. oy eontake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bsvubqds aydnby cradsifa end tvem. tomdje tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wojend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfcsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 990 fit: -96 chromo: td bp brhnre to begeqafcie thepluhplihn.dwhether tisknosler on th.tmi dv o suffer.h ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc ouchageo a hhwtdne. oy eobtake arms a.awnst a sehdff b uubyds aydnby cradsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chevtzfgsani nhturalwshocks.
gen: 991 fit: -95 chromo: td bp brhnrm to beggsavcie thepluhplihn.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dv o suffer.h.ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a hhwtdne. oq eontake arms a.awnst a sexdff bsuubq.s aydnby cradsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 992 fit: -95 chromo: td bp brhnrm to beggsavcie thepluhplihn.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dv o suffer.h.ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a hhwtdne. oq eontake arms a.awnst a sexdff bsuubq.s aydnby cradsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 993 fit: -95 chromo: td bp brhnre to begetavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dv o suffer.h ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka hhwtdne. ou eoftake arms a.awnst a sehdbf bsuubq.s aydnby crabsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wojend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 994 fit: -95 chromo: td bp brhnre to begesafcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nogler gn th.xmi dv o suffer.x.ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudpageo a hhwtcne. ou eontake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bqaubyds aydnby cradsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 995 fit: -95 chromo: td bp brhnrm to beggsavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dv o suffer.h ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo b hhwtdne. ou eoftake arms a.awnst a sehdff bsuubq.s aydnby crabsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wojend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 996 fit: -95 chromo: td bp brhnrm to beggsavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dv o suffer.h ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo b hhwtdne. ou eoftake arms a.awnst a sehdff bsuubq.s aydnby crabsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wojend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 997 fit: -95 chromo: td bp brhnrm to beggsavcie thepkuhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dv o suffer.h ae jfingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo b hhwtdne. ou eoftake arms a.awnst a sehdff bsuubq.s aydnby crabsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wojend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 998 fit: -94 chromo: td bp brhntm to beggsavcie thepluhplihn.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dv o suffer.htae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a hhwtdne. oy eontake arms a.awnst a sexdnf bsvubqds aydnby ctadsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 999 fit: -94 chromo: td bp brhntm to beggsavcie thepluhplihn.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dv o suffer.htae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a hhwtdne. oy eontake arms a.awnst a sexdnf bsvubqds aydnby ctadsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1000 fit: -94 chromo: td bp brhnre to begesavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nogler gn th.tmi dv o suffer.h.ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a fhwtdne. oa foftake arms a.awnst a sehdbf bsuuby.s aydnby cradsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wojend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 1001 fit: -94 chromo: td bp brhnre to begesavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nogler gn th.tmi dv o suffer.h.ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a fhwtdne. oa foftake arms a.awnst a sehdbf bsuuby.s aydnby cradsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsbeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wojend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 1002 fit: -94 chromo: td bp brhnrn to beggtavcie thepluhplihn.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dv o suffer.xtae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a hhwtcne. oa eontake arms a.awnst a sexdnf bsvubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1003 fit: -94 chromo: td bp brhnrn to beggtavcie thepluhplihn.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dv o suffer.xtae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a hhwtcne. oa eontake arms a.awnst a sexdnf bsvubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1004 fit: -94 chromo: td bl brhnre to beggtafcie thepluhppihn.dwhether tis nowler gn th.tmi dv o suffer.h.ae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoca fhwtcne. oq eontake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bsuuby.s aydnby cradsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wojend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 1005 fit: -94 chromo: td bp brhnre to begesavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.h ae ifmngb and ajbvisxoc oudxageo a fhwtdne. ou eontake arms a.awnst a sehdff bsvubqds aydnby crabsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wojend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 1006 fit: -93 chromo: td bp brhnrn to beggtavcie thepluhplihn.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dv.o suffer.xtae ifingb and ajbvisxoc ouphageo a fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.awnst a sextnf bsuubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheatzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1007 fit: -93 chromo: td bp brhnrm to beggsavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htbe ifingf and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a fhwtdne. ou eontake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bsvubqds aydnby crabsieacend tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chertzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 1008 fit: -93 chromo: td bp brhnrm to beggsavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htbe ifingf and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a fhwtdne. ou eontake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bsvubqds aydnby crabsieacend tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chertzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 1009 fit: -93 chromo: td bp brhnrn to beggtavcie thepluhplihn.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dv o suffer.xtae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.awnst a sextnf asvubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheatzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1010 fit: -93 chromo: td bp brhntn to begotavcie thepluhplihn.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dv o suffer.xtae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a fhwtcne. oq eoftake arms a.awnst a sextff asvubqds aydnby crabsiea end tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheatzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1011 fit: -93 chromo: td bp brhntm to beggsavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a fhwtdne. ou eontake arms a.agnst a sehdnf bsvubqds aydnby ctabsieacend tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chertzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1012 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begetavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka fhwtdne. oa eontake arms a.agnst a sehtnf bsuubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheatzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1013 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begesavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae ifingf and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a fhwtdne. ou eoftake arms a.awnst a sehtnf bsuubqds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep tg say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1014 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhntf to beggsavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn thlxmi dvto suffer.xtae yfingb and ajbvisxoc ouphageo a fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bsvubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsceeag go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacce led cheqtzfhsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1015 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begesavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae ifingf and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a fhwtdne. ou eoftake arms a.awnst a sehtnf bsuubqds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep tg say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1016 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhntf to beggsavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn thlxmi dvto suffer.xtae yfingb and ajbvisxoc ouphageo a fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bsvubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsceeag go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacce led cheqtzfhsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1017 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begetavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka fhwtdne. oa eontake arms a.agnst a sehtnf bsuubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheatzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1018 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhntf to beggsavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn thlxmi dvto suffer.xtae yfingb and ajbvisxoc ouphageo a fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bsvubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsceeag go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacce led cheqtzfhsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1019 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begetavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka fhwtdne. oa eontake arms a.agnst a sehtnf bsuubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheatzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1020 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhntf to beggsavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn thlxmi dvto suffer.xtae yfingb and ajbvisxoc ouphageo a fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bsvubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsceeag go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacce led cheqtzfhsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1021 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhntn to beggsavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae ifingb and ajbvisxoc ouphageo a fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehdnf bsvubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsceeag go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wojend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfhsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 1022 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhntn to begesavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn th.tmi dvto suffer.htae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff bsvubqds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsdeeag go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacce led cheqtzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 1023 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begetavcie thepluhplion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmisdvto suffer.htae ifingb and ajbvisxkc oudhageo a fhwtdne. oa eontake arms a.agnst a sehtnf bsuubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1024 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhntf to begesavcie thepluhpjign.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae yfingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sexdnf bsuubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacce led cheqtyfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1025 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhntf to beggsavcie thepluhppign.dwhether tis nowler gn thlxmi dvto suffer.xtae yfingb and ajbviswoc oudhageo a fhwtdne. ou eoftake arms a.awnst a sehdnf bsuubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chertyfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 1026 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhnrn to beggsavcie thepluhpdign.dwhether tis nowler gn thlxmi dvto suffer.gtae ifingb and ajbvisxoc ouphageo a fhwtdne. oa eontake arms a.agnst a sehdnf bsuubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsceeag go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacce led cheqtzfhsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 1027 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn thlxmi dvto suffer.htae ifingb and ajbvisxoc ouphageo a fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.awnst a sehdff bsuubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsdeeag go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacce led cheatzfgsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 1028 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhntf to begesavcif thepluhpjign.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae yfingf and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka fhwtdne. oa eojtake arms a.awnst a sehtnf bsvubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsdeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfhsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1029 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begesavcie thepluhplign.dwhether tis nowler gn th.tmi dvto suffer.xtae yfingb and ajbvisxoc ouphageo a fhwtdne. oa eohtake arms azagnst a sehtff bsvubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie trcsaeecg go more.  ndhbr ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheatyfpsani nhturalushocks.
gen: 1030 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begetavcie thepluhhlign.dwhether tis nowler gn th.tmi dvto suffer.htae yfingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehdff bsuubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsaeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtyfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1031 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begetavcie thep.uhplion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae yfingb and ajbvisxoc ouphageoka fhwtdne. ou eontake arms a.awnst a sehtnf bsuubyds aydnby cqmbsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsceeag go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cher.yfgsani ngturalushocks.
gen: 1032 fit: -92 chromo: td bp brhntf to begetavcie thepluhplion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae yeingb and aibvisxoc oudhageo a fhwtdbe. oa eoftake arms a.awnst a sehtnf asuubyds aydnby crmbsifa end tfem. tomdie tvcsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep ta say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheatyfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1033 fit: -91 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begesavcie thepluhplion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae yningb and ajbvisxo  ouphageoka fhwtdne. oa montake arms a.agnst a sehtnf bsuubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lgd chertzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1034 fit: -91 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begesavcie thepluhplion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae yningb and ajbvisxo  ouphageoka fhwtdne. oa montake arms a.agnst a sehtnf bsuubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lgd chertzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1035 fit: -91 chromo: td bp brhntf to begetavcie thepluhplion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.tmi dvto suffer.xtae yeingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a fhwtdne. oy eoftake arms a.awnst a sehdnf asuubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsueecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep ta say wozend. tqe hearbacae led wheatybgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1036 fit: -91 chromo: td bp brhntf to begetavcie thepluhplion.dwhether tis nowler gn thltmi dvto suffer.xtae yeingb and aibvisxoc oudhageo a fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.awnst a sehtnf asuubyds aydnby crmbsifa end tvem. tomdie tvcsueecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep ti say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheatyfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1037 fit: -91 chromo: td bp brhntn to begecavcie thepluhplion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka fhwtdne. oa eontake arms a.agnst a sehtnf bsuubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tqcsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheytzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1038 fit: -91 chromo: td bp brhntn to begecavcie thepluhplion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae ifingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka fhwtdne. oa eontake arms a.agnst a sehtnf bsuubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tqcsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheytzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1039 fit: -91 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begfsavcie thepluhp.ion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae yningf and ajvvisxoc oudhageo a fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtnf zsuubyds aydnby crmbsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1040 fit: -91 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begetavcie thepluhplion.dwhether tis nowler gn thlxmi dvto suffer.htae ifingb and ajvvisxoc oudhageo a fhwtdne. oa eontake arms a.agnst a sehtnf zsuubyds aadnby crmbsifa end tvem. toedie tvcsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chejtzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1041 fit: -91 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begfsavcie thepluhp.ion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae yningf and ajvvisxoc oudhageo a fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff nsuubyds aydnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1042 fit: -91 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begecavcie thepluhp.ion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae imingf and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1043 fit: -91 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begfsavcie thepluhplion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae yningb and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a fhwtdne. oa eontake arms a.agnst a sehtnf zsuubyds aydnby crmbsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfosany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1044 fit: -90 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begecavcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae imingf and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1045 fit: -90 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begesavcie thepluhplion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingf and ajbvisxoc oudhageo a fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aydnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1046 fit: -90 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begfcavcie thepkuhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae iningb and ajbvisxo  oudhageoka fhwtdne. oa eontake arms a.agnst a sehtff jsuubyds aadnby crmbsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chertzfgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1047 fit: -90 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begesavcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae yfingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka fhwtdne. ou eontake arms a.agnst a sehtnf bsvubyds aadnby crabsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheytzbgsany nhturalushocks.
gen: 1048 fit: -90 chromo: td bp brhntf to begfcavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae iningf and aibvisxoc oudhageo a fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aydnby cvmbsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wczend. tqe hearbacae led chebtybgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1049 fit: -90 chromo: td bp brhntf to begecavcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae imingf and aibxisxoc ouphageoka fdgtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aydnby cvmbsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wczend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsani ngturalushocks.
gen: 1050 fit: -90 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begecavcie thepkuhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae yfingb and ajbvisxo  oudhageo a fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtnf nsuubyds aadnby crmbsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsdeecg go more. .ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1051 fit: -90 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begecavcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae iningb and ajbxisxoc oudhageoka fdgtdne. oa eontake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1052 fit: -90 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begecavcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae imingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff b uubyds aydnby crmbsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsdeecg go more.  ndpbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1053 fit: -90 chromo: tl bp brhnrn to begecavcie thepkuhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae yningf and ajbfisxo  oudhageoka fhwtdne. oa eontake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aydnby crmbsifa end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1054 fit: -90 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begecavcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae iningj and aibvisxoc oudhageoka fpwtdne. oa eontake arms a.agnst a sehtff nsuubyds aydnby crmbsifa end tuem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1055 fit: -90 chromo: td bp brhntn to begecavcie thepkuhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae yningb and ajbxisxoc oudhageo a fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff n uubyds aadnby crmbsiha end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1056 fit: -90 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begesavcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae iningb and ajbvisdoc oudhageoka fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff bsuubyds aadnby crmbsifa end tuem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led cheqtzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1057 fit: -90 chromo: td bp vrhnrn to beeesavciu thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvxo suffer.htae ymingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka fdwtdne. oa eontake arms a.agnst a sehtef jsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chertzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1058 fit: -90 chromo: td bp brhnrn to begesavcie thepkuhption.twhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae iningb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff nsuubyds aydnby crmbsifa end tuem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lud cheqtzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1059 fit: -89 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae imingb and ajbvisvo  oudhageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1060 fit: -89 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae imingb and ajbvisvo  oudhageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1061 fit: -89 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae imingb and ajbvisvo  oudhageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1062 fit: -89 chromo: td bp vrhnrn to beeesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae imingb and ajbvisvo  oudhageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff jsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1063 fit: -89 chromo: td bp vrhnrn to beeesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae imingb and ajbvisvo  oudhageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff jsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1064 fit: -89 chromo: td bp vrhnrn to beeasavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae imingb and ajbvisvo  oudhageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff jsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1065 fit: -89 chromo: tt bp brhnrh to begfcavcie thepkuhntion.dwhether tis nowler gn thdtmi dvto suffer.htae yfingb and ajbvisxoc oudpageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff bsuubzds aydnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wczend. tqe hearbacae lfd chertybgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1066 fit: -89 chromo: td bp vrhnrf to begesavcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th.vmi dvto suffer.htae iningb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka fhwtdne. oa eontake arms a.ahnst a sehtff nsuubyds aydnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lvd chebtzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1067 fit: -89 chromo: td bp vrhnrn to begesavcie theoluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae imingd and ajbvisxo  oudhageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff bsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chertzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1068 fit: -89 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajbvisvo  oudhageoka fbwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae led chebtzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1069 fit: -89 chromo: td bp vrhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae iningb and ajbvksdoc oudhageoka fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.ahnst a sextff bsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chertjbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1070 fit: -89 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesabcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvisvo  ou.hageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds acdnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae led chebtzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1071 fit: -89 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvisvo  ou.hageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds acdnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae led chebtzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1072 fit: -89 chromo: td bp vrdnrn to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.vmi dvto suffer.htae imingd and ajbvasxo  oudhageoka fhwtdne. oa eontake arms a.agnst a sehtff jsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lvd chertzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1073 fit: -89 chromo: td bp vrhnrh to begasavcie thepkuhhtion.dwhether tis nosler cn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae iningb and ajbfisvo  oudhageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff jsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae .ud chertzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1074 fit: -89 chromo: td bp vrdnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.vmi dvto suffer.htae imingd and ajbvasxo  oudhageoka fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff jsuubqds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chertzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1075 fit: -89 chromo: td bp vrhnrf to begecaucie thepkuhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae imingb and ajbvisvo  oudhageoka fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff bsuubzds aydnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1076 fit: -89 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavciu thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae iningb and ajbvisdo  oudhageoka fdwtdne. oa eontake arms a.agnst a sextff bsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chertjbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1077 fit: -89 chromo: td bp brdnrf to begesavcie thepluhxtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thtxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka fhwtdne. oa eontake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds acdnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  nddbv ajsleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae led chebtzbgsany ngturalashocks.
gen: 1078 fit: -89 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begecavciu thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nosler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae imingb and ajbvksdoc ou.hageoka fdwtdne. oa eontake arms a.agnst a sehtff bsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucsceesg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae led chettzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1079 fit: -89 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begecavcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th.vmi dvto suffer.htae imingb and ajbvasxoc oudhageoka fdwtbne. oa eontake arms a.agnst a sextff zsuubqds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucsceesg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae led chettzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1080 fit: -89 chromo: td bp vrhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.vmi dvto suffer.htme imingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka fhwtdne. oa eontake arms a.agnst a sehtff bsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie twcsceesg go more.  ndfbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae led chertzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1081 fit: -89 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvksxo  oudhageoca fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lfd chertzagsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1082 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae imingb and ajbvksxo  oudhageoca fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chertzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1083 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.htae imingb and ajbvksxo  oudhageoca fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chertzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1084 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvcsxo  oudhageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lnd chertzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1085 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvcsxo  oudhageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lnd chertzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1086 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvcsxo  oudhageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lnd chertzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1087 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvcsxo  oudhageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lnd chertzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1088 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavciu thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvasxoc ou.hageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff bsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lnd chettzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1089 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavciu thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvasxoc ou.hageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff bsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lnd chettzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1090 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavciu thepluhhtion.lwhether tis nowler gn th vmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and anbvisxoc ou.hageoka fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucs eecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chertzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1091 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavciu thepluhhtion.lwhether tis nowler gn th vmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and anbvisxoc ou.hageoka fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucs eecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chertzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1092 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmiydvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvcsxo  oudhageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lnd chertzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1093 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thdvmi dvto suffer.xtae amingb and ajbvksxoc ou.hageoca fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms atahnst a sextff bsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tecsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lnd chettzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1094 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvksxo  oudhageoca fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lnd chertzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1095 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhption.dwhether tis noxler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvksxo  oudhageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsvubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chertzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1096 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavciu thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thdxmi dvto suffer.htae imingb and ajbvksxo  oudhageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1097 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingj and ajbvksxo  oudhageoda fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lnd chertzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1098 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavciu thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th xmi dbto suffer.xtae imingb and anbvosxoc ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehxff zsuubids aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lnd chertzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1099 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.lwhether tis nowler gn th.vmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvisxo  oudhageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lnd chertzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1100 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nosler gn thdxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvksxo  oudhageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crobsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1101 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begmsavciu thepluhhtion.lwhether tis nowler gn th vmi dbto suffer.xtae imingb and anbvmsxoc ou.hageoka fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehxff zsuubids aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chertzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1102 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begmsavciu thepluhhtion.lwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvisxoc oudhageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff zsuubids aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsyeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chertzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1103 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begusavcia thepluhhtion.lwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae amingb and ajdvcsxoc oudoageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff zsuubqds aadnby cribsina end tuem. tomdie tucsyeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lnd chertzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1104 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nosler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae amingb and anbvasxo  ou.hageoca fhwtbne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehxff zsuubqds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. toidie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lnd chertzbgsanz ngturalushocks.
gen: 1105 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begusavcia thepluhhtion.lwhether tis nowler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae amingb and ajdvcsxoc oudoageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff zsuubqds aadnby cribsina end tuem. tomdie tucsyeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lnd chertzfgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1106 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhftion.dwhether tis nosler gn thdxmi dvto suffer.xtae amingb and anbrcsxo  oudhageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. toidie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lnd chertzbgsany ngturalwshocks.
gen: 1107 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th vmi dbto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvksxoc oudhageoka fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff zseubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wpzend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1108 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhftion.dwhether tis nowler gn th vmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvcsxoc oudhageoca fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. toidie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1109 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begmsavciu thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvosxoc ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff zsvubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. toidie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chertzbgsany ngturalwshocks.
gen: 1110 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nosler gn thdxmi dbto suffer.xtae amingb and ajbvcsxo  oudhageoca fdwtbne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehxff zsuubuds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecw go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae .nd chertzbgsany ngturalwshocks.
gen: 1111 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavciu thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th.vmi dbto suffer.xtae imingb and anbvlsxo  ou.hageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff zsmubids aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wpzend. tqe hearbacae lnd chettzbgsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1112 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begasaxcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tojdie tucsaeecg go more. kndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1113 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begmsaxcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvksxoy ou.hageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tojdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1114 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begmsaxcie thelluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajdvksxos ou.hageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tojdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbgsanz ngturalushocks.
gen: 1115 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to beggwavcie thelluhhtion.dwhether tis nosler gn th.xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and anbvisxo  oudpageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff zquubyds aadnby crovsina end tvem. tomdie tecsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbgsany ngturalwshocks.
gen: 1116 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvksxoc ou.hageoka fdwtdne. oc eoftake arms ataonst a sextff zsuubqds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tojdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsanz ngturalushocks.
gen: 1117 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnzf to begmqavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and afbvksxoc ou.hageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms ataonst a sextff zsuubqds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tojdie tussceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep tf say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzfgsanz ngturalushocks.
gen: 1118 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesaxciu thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and andvksxo  ou.hageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sextff zsqubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tojdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbf aisleep tf say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettrbhsanq ngturalushocks.
gen: 1119 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesaxaie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and anbvksxo  ou.hageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sextff zsqubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tojdie tucsaeece go more.  ndhbv aisleep tv say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsanq ngturalushocks.
gen: 1120 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dxto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoca fhwtdne. oc eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tojdie tacsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearnacae lnd chettzbhsanz ngturalushocks.
gen: 1121 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th xmi dxto suffer.xtae imingb and anbvcsxo  ou.hageoca fhwt.ne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff zsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tondie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbf aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1122 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesavcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thdxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvksxoc ou.hageoka fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms ataonst a sextff zsuubqds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsanz ngturalvshocks.
gen: 1123 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to beggwaxcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and anbvksxo  ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff zsbubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsaeece go more. qndhbv aasleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbgsanz ngturalashocks.
gen: 1124 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesadcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvksvoc ou.hageoca fdwt.ne. oa eoftake arms atagnst a sextff .suubqds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tojdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1125 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to beggsavcie the.luphtion.dwhether tis nosler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvasxo  oudhageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.agnst a sehtff .quubyds aadnby crmvsina end tvem. tomdie tucsceeag go more.  ndhbf aisleep te say wozend. tqe hearbacae lnd chettzbhsanz ngturalushocks.
gen: 1126 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begeqadcie thepluphtion.dwhether tis nowler gn th xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvksxo  oudpageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff .svubqds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tondie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wo.end. tye hearbacae lnd chettzrgsanz ngturalushocks.
gen: 1127 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesadcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvksvoc ou.hageoca fdwt.ne. oa eoftake arms atagnst a sextff .suubqds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tojdie tucsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1128 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesaxcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nosler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvisxoc oudpageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms ataonst a sehtff .svubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbf aksleep tf say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzrgsanz ngturalushocks.
gen: 1129 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesabciu thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmikdvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoga fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff .suubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. toidie tucsaeecg go more.  ndhbf aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsanz ngturalushocks.
gen: 1130 fit: -88 chromo: td bp brhnrf to beggqaxcie thefluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dxto suffer.xtae mmingb and anbvksxo  oudpageoka fhwtdne. oa eoftake arms ataonst a sehtff zqvubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. toidie tecsceeke go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearaacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalvshocks.
gen: 1131 fit: -87 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesaxcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvksvoc oudhageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff tquubyds aadnby crmnsina end tvem. tojdie tucsceece go more.  ndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1132 fit: -87 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesaxcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvksvoc oudhageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff tquubyds aadnby crmnsina end tvem. tojdie tucsceece go more.  ndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1133 fit: -87 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesaxcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvksvoc oudhageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff tquubyds aadnby crmnsina end tvem. tojdie tucsceece go more.  ndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1134 fit: -87 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begeqaxcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and anbqcsxo  ou.pageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms ataonst a sextff tsvubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tomdie tecsceece go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wpzend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzrgsanj ngturalushocks.
gen: 1135 fit: -87 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesaxcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvksvoc oudhageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff tquubyds aadnby crmpsina end tvem. tojdie tucsceece go more.  ndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1136 fit: -87 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begeqaxcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and anbvksvoc ou.pageoka fhwtdne. oa foftake arms a.aonst a sehtff tqrubyds aadnby crmpsina end tvem. toidie tucsceece go more. yndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsan. neturalushocks.
gen: 1137 fit: -87 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesadciu thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and anbvcsxo  ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sextff tquubyds aadnby crmdsina end tuem. tomdie tecsceece ho more.  ndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1138 fit: -87 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesadciu thepluphtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae mmingb and ajbucsxoc ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms atagnst a sehtff tsuubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tondie tecsceecg go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettrbhsanz ngturalushocks.
gen: 1139 fit: -87 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesadciu thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and anbvcsxo  ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sextff tquubyds aadnby crmdsina end tuem. tomdie tecsceece ho more.  ndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1140 fit: -87 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesadciu thepluhption.dwhether tis nogler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and anbvcsxo  ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sextff tquubyds aadnby crmdsina end tuem. tomdie tecsceece ho more.  ndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1141 fit: -87 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesadciu thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and anbucsxo  ou.pageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms ataonst a sextff tquubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tecsceece ho more.  ndhbv aksleep te say wpzend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsanj ngturalushocks.
gen: 1142 fit: -86 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begeqaxciu thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvksxo  oudpageoka ftwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff trvubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucsceecg ho more. yndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbgsanz ngturalushocks.
gen: 1143 fit: -86 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begeqaxciu thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn th xmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and ajbvksxo  oudpageoka ftwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff trvubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tomdie tucsceecg ho more. yndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbgsanz ngturalushocks.
gen: 1144 fit: -85 chromo: td bp nrhnrf to begesabcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoca fdwt.ne. oa eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end txem. tondie tu saeeae go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1145 fit: -85 chromo: td bp nrhnrf to begesabcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoca fdwt.ne. oa eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end txem. tondie tu saeeae go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1146 fit: -85 chromo: td bp nrhnrf to begesabcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoca fdwt.ne. oa eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end txem. tondie tu saeeae go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1147 fit: -85 chromo: td bp nrhnrf to begesabcie thepluhhtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoca fdwt.ne. oa eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end txem. tondie tu saeeae go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1148 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesadcie thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae go more.  ndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1149 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesadcie thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae go more.  ndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1150 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesadcie thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae go more.  ndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1151 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesabcie thepluhotion.dwhether tis nocler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff trvubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie te saeeae go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1152 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesabcie thepluhotion.dwhether tis nocler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff trvubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie te saeeae go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1153 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesabcie thepluhotion.dwhether tis nocler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff trvubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie te saeeae go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1154 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesabcie thepluhotion.dwhether tis nocler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff trvubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie te saeeae go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1155 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesabcie thepluhotion.dwhether tis nocler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff trvubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. topdie te saeeae go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1156 fit: -85 chromo: th bp brhnzf to begesabsie thepluhotion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and anbvcsxo  ou.hageoka fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms araonst a sextff trqubyds aadnby cribsina end txem. tondie tu sceeag go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1157 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to beggsadcie thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajdvksxoc ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms ataonst a sexrff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd dhettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1158 fit: -85 chromo: td bh brhnrf to begesadcie thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoaa fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae go more.  ndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1159 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesadcie thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingc and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff trvubyds aadnby crmbsiny end tuem. tondie tu sceeqe go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsana ngturalushocks.
gen: 1160 fit: -85 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesabcie thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and anbvksxo  ou.hageoca fdwtdne. om eoftake arms ataonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tondie te sceeag go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzrhsany ngturalashocks.
gen: 1161 fit: -85 chromo: tc bp brhnrv to beggsadciu thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajbvksxoc ou.pageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms ataonst a sexrff truubyds aadnby crmbsiny end tuem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd dhettzbhsany ngturalashocks.
gen: 1162 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesadcie theplupgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trvubyds aadnby crmbsina end twem. tondie tu sceeae go more.  ndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany neturalushocks.
gen: 1163 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesadcie thepluhption.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoka fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu saeeqe go more.  ndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1164 fit: -85 chromo: td bp nrhnrv to begesabcie thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yningb and ajbvlsxo  ou.pageoca fdwtdne. oc eohtake arms ataonst a sextff truubyds aadnby crmbsiny end tuem. tondie tu sceeae go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany neturalushocks.
gen: 1165 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesabcie thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajbxksxo  ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eoftake arms a.aonst a sehtff trvubycs aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie te saeeag ho more.  ndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye heardacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1166 fit: -85 chromo: tb bn nrhnrf to becgsabcie thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and anzvksxo  ou.pageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms a.aonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby crmbsiny end twem. tondie ta sceese go more.  ndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd dhettzbhsany ngturalushocks.
gen: 1167 fit: -85 chromo: td bp nrhnrv to begesadcie thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms a.aonst a sedtff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu saeeae go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacie jnd chettzbhsany nwturalushocks.
gen: 1168 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnbf to begesabciu thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler en thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvlsxoc ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms a.aonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end txem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chextrbhsany ngturalashocks.
gen: 1169 fit: -85 chromo: tb bp brhnrb to begesadcie thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajbvksxo  ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eontake arms ataonst a sextff trvubyds aadnby crmbsina end txem. tondie te sceeae go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae pnd chettzbhsany nwturalashocks.
gen: 1170 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesabciu thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvlsxo  ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa fohtake arms a.aonst a sextef trvubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbu aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chextrbhsany ngturalashocks.
gen: 1171 fit: -85 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to beggsabciu thepluhotion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxoc ou.hageoca fdwtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeqe ho more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacie lnd chettzbhsany nwturalashocks.
gen: 1172 fit: -85 chromo: tc bp nrhnrf to beggsadcie theoluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  oudhageocm fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms a.aonst a sehrff trvubyds aadnby crebsina end tvem. tondie ta saeeqe go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chettzbhsany nwturalushocks.
gen: 1173 fit: -85 chromo: td bp nrhnrv to begesadcie thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nogler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae imingb and albvlsxo  ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms a.aonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end txem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbv amsleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd whettzbhsany ngturalashocks.
gen: 1174 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrv to beggsabcie thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms a.aonst a sexrff trrubyds aadnby crebsina end tvem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbu aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany nwturalashocks.
gen: 1175 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to becesabciu thepluhotion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajdvksxo  ou.hageoca fdwtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a settff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeqe ho more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacie lnd chettzbhsany ngturalashocks.
gen: 1176 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesabcie thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  oudhageoca fdwtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a sexrff trrubyds aadnby cqmbsina end txem. tojdie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbu aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd whettzbhsany nwturalashocks.
gen: 1177 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrv to beggsadciu thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvlsxoc ou.hageoca fdwtdne. om eohtake arms a.aonst a sextff trvubyds aadnby crmbsina end tvem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbv aksleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chettzbhsany ngturalashocks.
gen: 1178 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to beggsadciu thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxoc ou.hageoca fdwtdne. om eohtake arms a.aonst a sextff trvubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalvshocks.
gen: 1179 fit: -85 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesabciu thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nogler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.htae ymingb and ajbvlsxo  oudhageoca fdwtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trvubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeag go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chett.rhsany nwturalbshocks.
gen: 1180 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesadciu theoluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler en thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingc and ajdvksxoc ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms a.aonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeqe ho more.  ndhbv aysleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chettzbhsany ngturalbshocks.
gen: 1181 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesadciu thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nocler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajdvksxo  ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms ataonst a sex.ff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbv amsleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany ngturalbshocks.
gen: 1182 fit: -85 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesabciu thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcdmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajbvksxo  oudhageoca fdwtdne. om eohtake arms a.aonst a sex.ff trvubycs aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae go more.  ndhbu aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chertzbhsany ngturalbshocks.
gen: 1183 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesadciu thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nocler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajdvksxo  ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms ataonst a sex.ff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbv amsleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd dhettzbhsany ngturalbshocks.
gen: 1184 fit: -85 chromo: td bp nrhnrv to beggsadciu thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi duto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksdo  ou.hageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trvubyds aadnby crabsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae go more.  ndhbv aksleep tg say worend. tye hearbacie lnd chettzbhsany ngturalbshocks.
gen: 1185 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesabciu thepluhgtion.twhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  oudhageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby crmnsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbu aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chettzrhsany nwturalushocks.
gen: 1186 fit: -85 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesabciu thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcdmi dvto suffer.htae yminga and ajbvksxo  oudhageoca fdwtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trvubycs aadnby crebsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chert.rhsany ngturalbshocks.
gen: 1187 fit: -85 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesabciu thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.htae yminga and ajbvksxo  oudhageoca fcwtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trvubycs aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae go more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chett.rhsany nwturalbshocks.
gen: 1188 fit: -85 chromo: td bp brhnrf to beggsabgiu theoluhgtion.dwhether tis nocler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  oudhageoca fdwtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a sex.ff trvubyds aadnby crebsina end tvem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbu aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsany ngturalbshocks.
gen: 1189 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesadciu thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajdvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trvubyds aadnby cvmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chett.bhsanz nwturalbshocks.
gen: 1190 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesadciu thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajdvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trvubyds aadnby cvmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chett.bhsanz nwturalbshocks.
gen: 1191 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesadciu thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajdvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trvubyds aadnby cvmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chett.bhsanz nwturalbshocks.
gen: 1192 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesadciu thehluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thchmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trvubycs aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbu amsleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chettzbhsany nwturalbshocks.
gen: 1193 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesadciu thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajdvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trvubyds aadnby cvmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae lnd chett.bhsanz nwturalbshocks.
gen: 1194 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to beggsabgiu thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae qminga and ajdvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms ataonst a seh.ff trvubyds aadnby crabsina end tvem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndfbu aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chettzbhsany nwturalbshocks.
gen: 1195 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesadciu thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajdvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trvubyds aadnby cvmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbv aisleep tg say wmzend. tye hearbacae lnd chett.bhsanz nwturalbshocks.
gen: 1196 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begekabciu thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajdvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms a.aonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby drmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbu aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chettzbhsany nwturalushocks.
gen: 1197 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begekabciu thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajdvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms a.aonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby drmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbu aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chettzbhsany nwturalushocks.
gen: 1198 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begekabciu thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajdvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms a.aonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby drmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbu aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chettzbhsany nwturalushocks.
gen: 1199 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesadciu thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajdvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trvubyds aadnby cvmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbv aisleep tg say wmzend. tye hearbacae lnd chett.bhsanz nwturalbshocks.
gen: 1200 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp brfntf to begesadciu theoluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajdvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trvubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbu aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearzacae jnd ahettzrhsany nwturalbshocks.
gen: 1201 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begecadciu thepluhgtion.twhether tis nowler gn thcdmi dvto suffer.htae ymingb and ajbvksxo  outhageoca fdgtdne. oa eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chett.bhsany nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1202 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to beggsadciq thehluhgtion.twhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trbubyds aadnby cvmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae go more.  ndpbu aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chettzrhsanz ngturalvshocks.
gen: 1203 fit: -84 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesabciu thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajdvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. on fohtake arms ataonst a sextff trbubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeag ho more.  ndhbu aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chett.bhsany nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1204 fit: -84 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesabciu theoluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajdvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeag ho more.  ndhbu aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chett.rhsany nwturalbshocks.
gen: 1205 fit: -84 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begesabciu thepluhgtion.twhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajdvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. on eohtake arms ataonst a septff trbubyds aydnby cvmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeag ho more.  ndhbu aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whett.rhsany nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1206 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to beggsadciu thehluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae  mingb and ajbvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cvmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeam ho more. yndpbb aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1207 fit: -84 chromo: td bp brhnrf to begecadciu thepluhgtion.twhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.htae ymingb and ajbvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. ob eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trbubyds aydnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeaw ho more.  ndhbu aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whett.rhsany nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1208 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to beggsabciu thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajbvksxo  outhageoca fdgtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trrubyds aydnby crmbsinm end tuem. tondie tu sceeag ho more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chett.rhsany nwturalbshocks.
gen: 1209 fit: -84 chromo: tr bp brhnrf to begesadciq thexluhgtion.twhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajbvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. ob eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trbubyds aadnby cvmbsina end tvem. tondie tu sceeam go more. yndhbu aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsany nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1210 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to beggsabciq thepluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trrubyds acdnby cvmbsinm end tuem. tondie tu sceeag ho more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chettzrhsany nwturalbshocks.
gen: 1211 fit: -84 chromo: tr bp brhnrf to beggsadciu thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajbvksxo  outhageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms ataonst a sex.ff trvubyds aydnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeaa ho more.  ndhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chett.bhsanz nwturalbshocks.
gen: 1212 fit: -84 chromo: tr bp brhnrf to begesadciu thewluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajbvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. ob eohtake arms ataonst a sex.ff trvubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeaa ho more.  ndhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1213 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesadciu thexluhgtion.twhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajbvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. ob eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trbubyds aadbby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae go more. yndhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsany nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1214 fit: -84 chromo: tr bp brhnrf to beggsadciu thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. ob eohtake arms ataonst a sex.ff trvubyds aadjby cbmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeac ho more.  ndhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1215 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to beggsadciu thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  outhageoca fdwtdne. oa eohtake arms ataonst a sex.ff trrubyds aydnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeaa ho more. cndhbb aisleep te say wo.end. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1216 fit: -84 chromo: tf bp brhnrf to beggsadciu thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymimgb and ajbvksxo  outhageoca fdgtdne. ob eohtake arms ataonst a sex.ff trvubyds aydnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeaa ho more. andhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsany nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1217 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp nrhnrf to begesabciq thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.htae ymingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trvubyds aydnby crnbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae ho more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chett.rhsany nwturalbshocks.
gen: 1218 fit: -84 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesadciu thehluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajbvksxo  outdageoca fdwtdne. on eohtake arms atamnst a sex.ff trrubyds aadjby cbmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeag ho more.  ndhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearracae jnd whett.thsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1219 fit: -83 chromo: tf bp brhnrf to beggsadciu thegluhgtion.lwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  outhageoca fdgtdne. ob eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trvubyds aadnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae ho more. andhbv aisleep te say wgzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsany nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1220 fit: -83 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to beggsadciu thehluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms ataonst a sex.ff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeag ho more. andhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzrhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1221 fit: -83 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to beggsadciu thehluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms ataonst a sex.ff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeag ho more. andhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzrhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1222 fit: -83 chromo: tb bo brhnrf to begesadciq thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a seh.ff trrubyds aadnby cbmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeah ho more. andhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzrhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1223 fit: -83 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to beggsadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atamnst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsino end tuem. tondie tu sceeag ho more. andhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chettzrhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1224 fit: -83 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesadciu thehluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. om eohtake arms atacnst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsinc end tuem. tondie tu sceeag ho more. andhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzrhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1225 fit: -83 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to beggsadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atamnst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsino end tuem. tondie tu sceeag ho more. andhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chettzrhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1226 fit: -83 chromo: tf bp brhnrf to beggsadciu thehluhction.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. ob eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trvubyds aydnby crmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeae ho more. andhbv aisleep te say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzrhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1227 fit: -83 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to beggsadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atamnst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsino end tuem. tondie tu sceeag ho more. andhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chettzrhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1228 fit: -83 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to beggsadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  outtageoca fdgtdne. on fohtake arms atamnst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsino end tuem. tondie tu sceeag ho more. andhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chettzrhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1229 fit: -83 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to beggsadciq thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajbvksxo  outtageoca fdgtdne. on fohtake arms atamnst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceeag ho more. andhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzrhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1230 fit: -83 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to beggsadciu thegluhgtion.lwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. om eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cbnbsinm end tuem. tondie tu sceeak ho more. andhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd chettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1231 fit: -83 chromo: tf bp brhnrf to begesadciu thehluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajbvksxo  outhageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atamnst a sextff trrubyds aydnby crmbsinc end tuem. tondie tu sceeag po more. andhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsany nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1232 fit: -83 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesadciu theoluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yningb and ajbvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms asaonst a sex.ff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceecg po more. andhbu aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzrhsany nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1233 fit: -83 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesadciu thehkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajbvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms ataonst a sextff trrubyds aydpby crmbsinc end tuem. tondie tu sceeag ho more. andhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1234 fit: -83 chromo: tb bp brhnrv to begesadciq thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajbvksxo  outhageocu fdgtdne. on eohtake arms asamnst a sextff trrubyds aydnby crmbsinc end tuem. tondie tu sceeag po more. andhbu aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1235 fit: -83 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesadciu thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yeingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atamnst a sex.ff trrubyds aydnby abmbsina end tvem. tondie tu sceecp po more. andhbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1236 fit: -83 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesadciu thegkuhgtion.lwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yminga and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atamnst a sed.ff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsinc end tuem. tondie tu sceeag po more. andpbv aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzrhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1237 fit: -83 chromo: tb bp brhnrv to begesadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atamnst a sex.ff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsina end tvem. tondie tu sceeag ho more. andhbu aisleep tg say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1238 fit: -82 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesadciu thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yeingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sex.ff trrubyds aydnby abmbsina end tvem. tondie tu sceecp po more. andhbv aasleep tg say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1239 fit: -82 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesadciu thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yeingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sex.ff trrubyds aydnby abmbsina end tvem. tondie tu sceecp po more. andhbv aasleep tg say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1240 fit: -82 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesadciu thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yeingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sex.ff trrubyds aydnby abmbsina end tvem. tondie tu sceecp po more. andhbv aasleep tg say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1241 fit: -82 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesadciu thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae yeingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sex.ff trrubyds aydnby abmbsina end tvem. tondie tu sceecp po more. andhbv aasleep tg say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1242 fit: -82 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begesadciu thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtue  eingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sex.ff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsina end tuem. tondie tu sceecx po more. andpbv aisleep tg say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1243 fit: -82 chromo: tb bp brdnrf to begetadciq thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtae  eingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca f.gtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby crmbsinw end tuem. tondie tu sceeah po more. andpbv aisleep tg say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whett.bhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1244 fit: -82 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to beggtacciu thegkuhction.dwhether tis nowler gn thcxmi.dvto suffer.xtae ymingb and ajdrksdo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeag ho more. andhbv aasleep tg say wozend. tye hgarbacae jnd whett.bhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1245 fit: -82 chromo: tb bp brdnrf to begetadciq thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtae  eingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca f.gtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trbubyds aydnby crmbsinw end tuem. tondie tu sceeah po more. andpbv aisleep tg say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whett.bhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1246 fit: -82 chromo: tb bp brdnrf to begetadciq thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtae  eingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca f.gtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trbubyds aydnby crmbsinw end tuem. tondie tu sceeah po more. andpbr aisleep tg say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whett.bhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1247 fit: -81 chromo: tb bl brhnrf to begetadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae  eingb and ajdvksvo  outdageoca ftgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubybs aydnby cribsinw end tuem. tondie tu sceeah po more. andpbb aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd uhettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1248 fit: -81 chromo: tb bl brhnrf to begetadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae  eingb and ajdvksvo  outdageoca ftgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubybs aydnby cribsinw end tuem. tondie tu sceeah po more. andpbb aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd uhettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1249 fit: -81 chromo: tb bl brhnrf to begetadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae  eingb and ajdvksvo  outdageoca ftgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubybs aydnby cribsinw end tuem. tondie tu sceeah po more. andpbb aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd uhettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1250 fit: -81 chromo: tb bl brhnrf to begetaxciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae  eingb and ajdvksvo  outdageoca ftgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubybs aydnby cribsinw end tuem. tondie tu sceeah po more. andpbb aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd uhettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1251 fit: -81 chromo: tb bp brdnrf to begesadciq thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi hvto suffer.xtae smingb and ajdrkswo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trbubyds aydpby cambsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah ho more. andhbv aasleep tg say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1252 fit: -81 chromo: tb bl brhnrf to begesabciu thegkuhction.dwhether tis nowler hn thotmi dvto suffer.xtae  eingb and ajbvksxo  outdageoca fdgtpne. ob eohtake arms asainst a sewtff trrubqds aydnby cbibsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah po eore. andpbu aisleep to say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1253 fit: -81 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begetadciu thegluhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae  eingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trvubybs aydnby cribsina end tuem. tondie tu sceech po more. andpbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae bnd uhettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1254 fit: -81 chromo: tb bl brhnrf to begetadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae  eingb and ajdvksvo  outdageoca ftgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubybs aydnby cribsinw end tuem. tondie tu sceeah po more. andpbb aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd uhettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1255 fit: -81 chromo: tb bl brhnrf to begesadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dxto suffer.xtae  eingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubybs aydnby abmbsinw end tuem. tondie tu sceeah po more. andhbb aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd uhettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1256 fit: -80 chromo: tb bl brhnrf to begetadciu thegkuhgtion.hwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtae seingb and ajdvksuo  outdageoca flgtdne. ob eohtake arms qtainst a sextff trrubybs aydnby crmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceech po more. andhbu aasleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd uhettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1257 fit: -80 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begetadciq thegkuhgtion.hwhether tis nowler hn thctmiyhvto suffer.xtbe sfingb and ajdvksuo  outdageoca f.gtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubybs aydnby crmbsing end tuem. tofdie tu sceeah po more. andobv aasleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1258 fit: -80 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begetadciq thegkuhgtion.hwhether tis nowler hn thctmiyhvto suffer.xtbe sfingb and ajdvksuo  outdageoca f.gtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubybs aydnby crmbsing end tuem. tofdie tu sceeah po more. andobv aasleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1259 fit: -80 chromo: tb bl brhnrf to begetadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dxto suffer.xtae seingb and ajbvksvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby armbsinw end tuem. tondie tu sceech po more. andhbb aasleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd uhettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1260 fit: -80 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begetabciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtce  mingb and ajdvksxo  outdageocm ftgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydpby cbmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeag po more. andhbv aisleep to say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd uhettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1261 fit: -79 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begetadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmisdxto suffer.xtae seingb and ajduksvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah po more. andpbb aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1262 fit: -79 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begetadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmisdxto suffer.xtae seingb and ajduksvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah po more. andpbb aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1263 fit: -79 chromo: tb bp brdnbf to begesapciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmiydvto suffer.xtbe sfingb and ajdvksuo  outdageoca f.gtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubybs aydnby cribsing end tuem. tofdie tu sceeah po more. andobv aasleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1264 fit: -79 chromo: tb bp brdnbf to begesapciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmiydvto suffer.xtbe sfingb and ajdvksuo  outdageoca f.gtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubybs aydnby cribsing end tuem. tofdie tu sceeah po more. andobv aasleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1265 fit: -79 chromo: tb bl brhntf to begmtadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thoxmi dxto suffer.xtae seingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsing end taem. tondie tu sceecg po more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1266 fit: -79 chromo: tb bn brhntf to beggtadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thoxmi dxto suffer.xtce smingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca ftgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubybs aydnby cbmbsing end taem. tondie tu sceeag po more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettjbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1267 fit: -79 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to beggsadciu thegkuhgtion.hwhether tis nowler hn thctmisdxto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajdvksuo  outdageoca flgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sewtff trrubyds azdnby abmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceech po more. andhbu aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd uhettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1268 fit: -79 chromo: tb bn brhnrf to begetadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thotmiydvto suffer.xtce seingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca ftgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeag po more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1269 fit: -79 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begmtadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler dn thcxmisdxto suffer.xtae seingb and ajdvksvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah po more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1270 fit: -79 chromo: tb bl brhntf to begmtadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thoxmi dxto suffer.xtae seingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubybs aydnby cbmbsing end taem. tondie tu sceeag po more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1271 fit: -79 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to beggtanciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajdvksvo  outdageoca ftgtdne. on mohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby abmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeaf po more. andobv aasleep to say wozend. tye hearbacae jnd uhettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1272 fit: -79 chromo: tb bn brdnbf to begesapciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmiydvto suffer.xtbe sfingb and ajdvksuo  outdageoca f.gtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubybs aydnby dribsing end tuem. tofdie tu sceeah po more. andobv aasleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1273 fit: -79 chromo: tv bl brhnrf to begmtapciq thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dhto suffer.xtae seingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca f.gtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sexrff trrubybs aydnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah po more. andhbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettjbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1274 fit: -79 chromo: tf bl brhnbf to beggtadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae seingb and ajdvkswo  outdageoca flgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeag po more. andhbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzfhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1275 fit: -79 chromo: tb bn brhnrf to begmtapciq thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thoxmi dxto suffer.xtae sfinga and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a settff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceech po more. andpbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1276 fit: -79 chromo: tb bn brhnrf to begmtapciq thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thoxmi dxto suffer.xtae sfinga and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a settff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceech po more. andpbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1277 fit: -79 chromo: tb bj brhnrf to begmtadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtue seingb and ajduksvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsing end tuem. tofdie tu sceeah po more. andpbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1278 fit: -79 chromo: tb bn brhnrf to begmtadciq thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dxto suffer.xtae sfinga and ajduksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms axainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceech po more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. t e hearbacae jnd whettzbhsany nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1279 fit: -79 chromo: tb bp brdnrf to begetadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae seingb and ajdvksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. op eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyzs aydnby cbmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah po more. andobv aasleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettjbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1280 fit: -79 chromo: tb bn brhnrf to begetadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtae seingb and ajduksvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end tuem. tofdie tu sceeah po more. andhbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1281 fit: -79 chromo: tb bp brdnrf to begetadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thktmiydxto suffer.xtae seingj and ajdvksxo  outdageoca flgtdne. op eohtake arms atainst a sextff trruby.s aydnby cbmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah po more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettjbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1282 fit: -79 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begmtadciq thegkuhwtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae seingb and ajduksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsing end tuem. tojdie tu sceech po more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1283 fit: -79 chromo: tb bp brdnrf to begetadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae seingb and ajdvksvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah po more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1284 fit: -79 chromo: tb bn brdnrf to begetadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thoxmisdxto suffer.xtae seinga and ajduksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsing end tuem. tojdie tu sceeah po more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1285 fit: -79 chromo: tb bn brdnrf to begetadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae seingb and ajdvosvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. op eohtake arms atainst a sextff trruby.s aydnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah po more. andfbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nxturalvshocks.
gen: 1286 fit: -79 chromo: tb bl brdnrf to begetapciu thewkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thotmi dvto suffer.xtue sninga and ajduksvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydjby cbmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah po more. andpbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1287 fit: -79 chromo: tb bn brhnrv to begetadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtae seingb and ajduksvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end tuem. tofdie tu sceeah po more. andhbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1288 fit: -79 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to beoetadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmiydvto suffer.ttae seingj and ajduksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trruby.s aydnby cbmzsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah po more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettjbhsanz nwturalbshocks.
gen: 1289 fit: -79 chromo: tb bp brhnzf to begetadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcsmiydxto suffer.ttae seingj and ajduksxo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby sdmbsing end tuem. tofdie tu sceeah ho more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1290 fit: -79 chromo: tb bp brdnrf to begetadciw thegkuhotion.dwhether tis nowler hn thoxmi dxto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cbmbsing end tuem. tofdie tu sceeap po more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1291 fit: -78 chromo: tb bl brhnrf to begetapciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thktmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingj and ajduksvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end tuem. tofdie tu sceeah no more. andpbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1292 fit: -78 chromo: tb bl brhnrf to begetapciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thktmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingj and ajduksvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end tuem. tofdie tu sceeah no more. andpbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1293 fit: -78 chromo: tb bl brdnrf to begetadciu thewkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thktmi dvto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andpbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1294 fit: -78 chromo: tb bl brdnrf to beoetacciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thktmi dvto suffer.ttue sfingb and aj.uksvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andhbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1295 fit: -78 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begetadciu thewkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn th tmi dvto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettjbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1296 fit: -78 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begetadciu thewkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thkxmi dvto suffer.ttue sfingb and ajdvksvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sexthf trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end tuem. tofdie tu sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettjbhsanr nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1297 fit: -78 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begetapciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn th tmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingf and ajduksvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. oj aohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andpbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1298 fit: -78 chromo: tb bl brhnrf to begetaociu thewkuhotion.dwhether tis nowler hn th tmisdvto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksvo  outdageoca fdgtcne. on eohtake arms atainst a sexrff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andhbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettjbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1299 fit: -78 chromo: tb bp brhnrf to begetapciu thewkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn th tmisduto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajdvksvo  outdageoca fdgtcne. on eohtake arms atainst a sexrnf trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tofdie tu sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettjbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1300 fit: -78 chromo: tb bl brhnrf to begetadciu thegkuhgtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingf and ajduksvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae jnd whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1301 fit: -78 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetacaiu thegkuhwtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingb and aiduksvo  outdageoca fdgtcne. on eohtake arms atainst a sexrff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tofdie tu sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacce ind whettzbpsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1302 fit: -78 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetacaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksvo  outdageoca fdgtcne. on eohtake arms atainst a sexrff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tofdie tu sceeah bo more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ynd whettzbpsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1303 fit: -78 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhwtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajdvksvo  outdageoca fdgtcne. on eohtake arms atainst a sexrff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1304 fit: -78 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetacaiu thegkuhwtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thotmi dvto suffer.wtae sfingb and aiduksvo  outdageoca fdgtcne. on eohtake arms atainst a sexrff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tofdie tu sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1305 fit: -78 chromo: tb bl nrdnrf to begetadciu thewkuhwtion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtue sfingf and ajcuksvo  outdageoca fdotdne. on cohtake arms atainst a sexrff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tofdie tq sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1306 fit: -78 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetacaiu thegkuhwtion.dwhether tis nowler hn th tmi dvto suffer.ttue sfingb and ajdvksvo  outdageoca fdgtcne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextbf trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. t e hearbacae ind whettjbhsany nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1307 fit: -77 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to beoetadaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn th tmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksvo  outcageoca fdgtdne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacce ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1308 fit: -77 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to beoetadaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn th tmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksvo  outcageoca fdgtdne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacce ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1309 fit: -77 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to beoetadaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn th tmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksvo  outcageoca fdgtdne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacce ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1310 fit: -77 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to beoetadaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn th tmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksvo  outcageoca fdgtdne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacce ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1311 fit: -77 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetadciu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn th tmi dvto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end taem. tofdie tu sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1312 fit: -77 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetadciu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn th tmi dvto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksvo  outdageoca fdgtdne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end taem. tofdie tu sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1313 fit: -77 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to beoetadaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn th tmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksvo  outcageoca fdgtdne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacce ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1314 fit: -77 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to beoetadaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn th tmi dvto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksvo  outgageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacce ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1315 fit: -77 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetacaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn th tmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksvo  outcageoca fdgtdne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. t e hearbacce ind whettjbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1316 fit: -77 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to beoetadaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn th tmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksvo  outcageoca fdgtdne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacce ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1317 fit: -77 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksvo  outcageoca fdgtdne. of eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say whzend. tye hearbacce ind whettzahsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1318 fit: -77 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to beoeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksvo  outcageoca fdgtdne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say whzend. tye hearbacce ind whettzahsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1319 fit: -77 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetaxaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksvo. outcageoca fdgtcne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trruby.s aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1320 fit: -77 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetadaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingj and ajduksvo  outcageoca fdgtcne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trruby.s aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1321 fit: -77 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetaxaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksvo. outcageoca fdgtcne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trruby.s aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1322 fit: -77 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to beoetadaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcxmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksvo. outcageoca fdgtcne. on uohtake arms adainst a sedtff trrubq.s aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whertzbhsanz nwturalfshocks.
gen: 1323 fit: -77 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetadaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn th tmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksvo  outcageoca fdgtdne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextfh trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacee and whertzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1324 fit: -77 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetaxaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksvo. outcageoca fdgtcne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae ind whettzahsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1325 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksvo  outcageoca fdgtcne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1326 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetadaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingf and ajduksbo  outcageoca ftgtane. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacce and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1327 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetadaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcdmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingf and ajduksbo  outcageoca ftgtane. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacce and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1328 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetadaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thcdmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingf and ajduksbo  outcageoca ftgtane. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacce and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1329 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetadaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae sfingn and ajduksbo  outcageoca fdgtane. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1330 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetacaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn th dmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingj and ajduksvo  outcageoca fdgtcne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and chettzahsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1331 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetacaiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn th tmi dxto suffer.xtue sningb and ajduksbo. outcageoca fdgtcne. on eohtake arms atainst a sexrff trrubi.s audnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacee and whertzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1332 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetadaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksbo  outcageoca ftgtcne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trruby.s aydnby kdmbsing end tuem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacce and whedtzbhsanz nwturalvshocks.
gen: 1333 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetadaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingf and ajduksbo  outcageoca ftgtane. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacce and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1334 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageoca fdgtcne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextef trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whertzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1335 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetacaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksro. outcageoca fdgtmne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whertzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1336 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksbo  outcageoca fdgtcne. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1337 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageoca fdgtcne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextef trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whertzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1338 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajpuksro  outcageoca fdgtcne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacce and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1339 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeracaiu thegiuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageoca fdgtane. on aohtake arms atainst a sextef trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1340 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtae svingn and ajduksbo  outcageoca fdgtane. on aohtake arms arainst a sedtff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1341 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeracaiu theg uhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksvo. outcageoca fdgtane. on eohtake arms atainst a sextef trrubyds aydnby admbsing end teem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whertzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1342 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetacaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingj and ajduksfo. outcageoca fdgtane. on aohtake arms a.ainst a sextef trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whertzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1343 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeracaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksbo  outcageocb fdgtmne. on bohtake arms atainst a sextef trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andkbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1344 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrxnrf to begeracaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageoca fdgtane. on aohtake arms arainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whertzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1345 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn th tmi dvto suffer.xtae sfingn and ajduksbo. outcageoca fbgtcne. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1346 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begevadaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtue sfingb and abduksro  outcageoca frgtane. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end taem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1347 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thdtmi dxto suffer.xtae sfingj and ajduksro  outcageoca fbgtone. on eohtake arms atainst a sextef trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1348 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtae svingb and ajduksfo  outcageoca fdgtane. on aogtake arms arainst a sextef trrubyds aqdnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whertzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1349 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begetacaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtue sfingf and ajcuksfo  outcageoca ftgtane. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end teem. topdie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whertzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1350 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrxnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksfo  outdageoca fdgtane. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whertzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1351 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtee sfingb and ajpuksbo  outcageoca fbgtane. on eohtake arms atainst a sextef trqubyds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whertzbhsan. nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1352 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.bwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae svingj and ajduksfo. outcageoca fdgtane. on aohtake arms atainst a sextef trrub ds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andobf aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1353 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrxnrf to begetadaiu thegiuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajdaksfo  outdageoca ftgtane. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end tuem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whertzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1354 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.bwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae sfingj and ajduksfo. outcageoca fdgtane. on aohtake arms atainst a sextef trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. topdie tu sceeaf no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1355 fit: -76 chromo: tj bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outaageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end teee. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1356 fit: -76 chromo: tb bl nrhnrh to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler gn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingj and ajduksfo. outdageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextef truubyds aydnba cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1357 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingn and ajduksfo  outcageoca fdgtune. on aohtake arms atainst a sextef trrubkds aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzfhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1358 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageoda fdgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrub ds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1359 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageoda fdgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrub ds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1360 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begevadaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae sfingj and ajduksfo  outcageoca fbgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1361 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrxnrf to beguradaiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageoca fdgtune. on eohtake arms arainst a sextef trrubids aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1362 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms arainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzfhsanj nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1363 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfoc outcageoca fdgtune. on eohtake arms arainst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1364 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtue sfingj and ajduksfo  outcageocc fdgtune. on aohtake arms asainst a sextff trrub ds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceeaf no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzfhsanz nxturalrshocks.
gen: 1365 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageoca fdgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1366 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu theekuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outaageoca fdgtune. on aohtake arms arainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanj nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1367 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrxnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler gn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageoca fdgtune. on qohtake arms atainst a sextef trrubids aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1368 fit: -75 chromo: tb bj nrhnqf to begevadaiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageodc ftgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aydnby cdmbsing end tfem. tondie tu sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1369 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ab.uksfo  outcageoca fbgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end teem. topdie tq sceeaf no more. andgbx aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1370 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrxnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksno  outcageocc fdgtune. on aohtake arms arainst a sextef trrubids aydnby cdobsing end teem. tondie tq sceeeh no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzfhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1371 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl frhnrf to beoevadaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and ajduksfo  outcageoda ftgtune. on eohtake arms adainst a sextef trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceeaf no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzfhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1372 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl frhnrf to beoeradaiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtee seingb and ajduksfo  outcageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms adainst a sextef trrubyds aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzfhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1373 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.dwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtae sfingb and ajduksno  outcageoca fdgtune. on aohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubids aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzfhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1374 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begevadaiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageodc ftgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sexsff trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzfhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1375 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrxnrf to begevadbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageoca fdgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextef trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpyend. tye hearnacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1376 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl frxnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and ajduksfo  outcageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms abainst a sextff trrubkds aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceeah no more. andgbr aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzfhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1377 fit: -75 chromo: tb bj nrxnqf to beguvadaiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and abduksfo  outcageoca fdgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextef trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeae no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearaacae and whettbbhsanj nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1378 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrhnqf to bewevadaiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageoda ftgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubics aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1379 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl frxnrf to begevadbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageoca fdgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextef trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpyend. tye hearnacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1380 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl frhnrf to beweradbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ab.uksfo  outcageoca ftgtune. on aohtake arms arainst a sextff trrubkds aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearaacae and whettzbhsanj nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1381 fit: -75 chromo: tj bl nrhnrb to beweradbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler pn thotmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms axainst a sextef trrubids aydnby cdobsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearnacae and whettzbhsanj nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1382 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl frhnrf to beoevadaiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and ajduksho  outcageoca fhgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubkds aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearnacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1383 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrhnqf to bewevadaiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler fn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfok outcageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextef trrubics aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1384 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begevadaiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageoca fhgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sex.ef trrubkds aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and uhettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1385 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrxnqf to beggvadaiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms axainst a sextef trrubics aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbx aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearmacae and whettzbdsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1386 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrxnqf to beggvadaiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms axainst a sextef trrubics aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbx aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearmacae and whettzbdsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1387 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl frhnqf to begevadaiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextef trrubids aydjby chmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearaacae and uhettzbxsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1388 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl frxnrf to begeradbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and ajduksfo  outcageoda fdgtune. on eohtake arms arainst a sextff trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq soeeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpyend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1389 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrhnqf to begevadaiu thegkudstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageoda ftgtune. on eohtake arms adainst a sextef trrubios aadjby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpyend. tye hearnacae and uhettzbxsann nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1390 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrxnqf to beweradbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thotmi dxto suffer.xtue seinga and abduksho  outkageoda fdotune. on eohtake arms axainst a sextef trtubics aadnby cdmdsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nuturalrshocks.
gen: 1391 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrxnrb to begeradbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageoda fdgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextef trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbx aasleep to say wpzend. tye hearnacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1392 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl prpnrf to begevadbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksfo  outcageodc ftgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextef trrubkds aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andobv aysleep to say wpzend. tye hearaacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1393 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl frhnrf to begeraxaiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and aj.uksfo  outcageoda ftgtune. on eohtake arms abainst a sextef trrubids aadjby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wp end  tye hearnacae and whettzbxsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1394 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl prhnrf to begeradaiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajduksho  outcageoda ftgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextef trrubkds aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearaacae and whettzbhsanj nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1395 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl hrhnvf to begeradbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and aj.uksfo  outcageoda fdgtune. on eohtake arms arainst a sextff trrubkcs aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie ty sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearaacae and whettzbhsanj nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1396 fit: -75 chromo: tf bl nrxnqf to begeradbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtue seinga and aj.uksho  outkageoca ftgtune. on eogtake arms atainst a sextff trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearaacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1397 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl hrhnvf to begeradbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and aj.uksfo  outcageoda fdgtune. on eohtake arms arainst a sextff trrubkcs aydnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie ty sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearaacae and whettzbhsanj nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1398 fit: -75 chromo: tf bl nrxnqf to begevadbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtue seinga and aj.uksho  outcageoca ftgtune. on eogtake arms atainst a sextff trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearaacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1399 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrxnrf to begeradbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and abzuksfo  outcageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms arainst a sextff trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end tgem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearnacae and whettzbhsanb nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1400 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to beweraxbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and aj.uksho  outcageoca fdgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubips aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tojdie tq sceeaf no more. andgbx aisleep to say wpyend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanb nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1401 fit: -75 chromo: tf bl vrxnqh to begevadbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dvto suffer.xtue seingb and abbucsho  outcageodc fdgtune. on eogtake arms arainst a sextff trrubkds aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearnacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalqshocks.
gen: 1402 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl frhnrf to begeuaxbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and aj.uksho  outcageoca fdgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubips aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbx aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearaacae and whettzbhsanb nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1403 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl hrhnrf to begevadbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thwsmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and ajzuksfo  outcageoda ftgtune. on eohtake arms arainst a sextff trrubids aadnby chmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nuturalrshocks.
gen: 1404 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrxnrf to begeuadbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and aj.uksfo  outcageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms arainst a sextff trrubips aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbx aisleep to say wpyend. tye hearmacae and whettzbhsann nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1405 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrxnrf to begeradbiu theekuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and abzuksfo  outcageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms arainst a sextff trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end tgem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andobv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearnacbe and whettzbhsanb nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1406 fit: -75 chromo: tf bl nrxnrf to beoevadbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajzuksfo  outcageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms arainst a sextff trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpyend. tye hearnacbe and whettzbhsanb nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1407 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrhnrf to begeradbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and ajduksfo  outcageocc ftgtune. on eohtake arms arainst a sextff trrubids aadnby chmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpyend. tye hearmacbe and whettzbhsanj nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1408 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl frxnrh to begeradbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and aj.u sho  outcageoca ftgtune. on eogtake arms arainst a sextff trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpyend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalqshocks.
gen: 1409 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrxnrf to begeqadbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and ajduksfo  outcageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms arainst a sextff trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpyend. tye hearnacae and whettzbhsanb nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1410 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrxnrf to begeuadbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and ab.uksfo  outcageoca ftwtune. on eoftake arms atainst a sextff trrubixs aadjby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpyend. tye hearnacae and whettzbhsann nuturalrshocks.
gen: 1411 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrxnrf to begeaadbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seinga and aj.uksho  outcageoca ftgtune. on eogtake arms atainst a sextff trrubids aadjby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeah no more. andobx aisleep to say wpyend. tye hearbacae and whettzbhsanz nuturalrshocks.
gen: 1412 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl brxnrf to begevadbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis noxler hn thdtmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and ab.uksfo  outcageoda ftgtune. on eoftake arms arainst a sextff trrubids acdnby gdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbx aisleep to say wpaend. tye hearmacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1413 fit: -75 chromo: tf bl frxnrf to begevadbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis noxler hn thdtmi dxto suffer.ttue seinga and aj.uksfo  outcageoda fdgtune. on eohtake arms arainst a sextff trrubkds aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie ty sceeaf no more. andgbx aisleep to say wpaend. tye hearmacae and whettzbhsanb nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1414 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrxnqf to begevadbiu thegkuxstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and abzucsho  outcageoca ftgtune. on hohtake arms arainst a sextff trrubkds aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearnacae and whettzbhsanj nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1415 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl brxnrf to begeuadbiu theg uhstion.lwhether tis noxler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and ab.uksfo  outcageoca ftgtune. on eogtake arms arainst a sextff trrubids acdnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbx aisleep to say wpyend. tye hearnacae and whettybhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1416 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl frtnrf to begeqadbiq theg uhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and aj.uksfo  outcageoca ftgtune. on eogtake arms atainst a sextff trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpyend. tye hearnacae and whettybhsanz nuturalrshocks.
gen: 1417 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrxnqf to begevadbiu thegkuxstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and abzucsho  outcageoca ftgtune. on hohtake arms arainst a sextff trrubkds aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearnacae and whettzbhsanj nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1418 fit: -75 chromo: tf bl vrxnrf to begevadbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.ttue seingb and aj.uksfo  outcageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms avainst a sextff trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie ty sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpaend. tye hearmacbe and whettzbhsanb nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1419 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrxnrf to begeradbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue sfingb and ajducsfo  outcageocc ftgtune. on eogtake arms arainst a sextff trrubkps aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbx aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearnacae and whettzbhsanj nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1420 fit: -75 chromo: tf bl nrxnrf to begeuadbiu thegkugstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thcsmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and aj.uksfo  outcageocc fdgtune. on eoetake arms atainst a sevtvf trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie ty sceeah no more. andgbx aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearnacae and whettzbxsann nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1421 fit: -75 chromo: tj bl frtnqf to begevadbiq theg uhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and ab.uksho  outcageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearnacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1422 fit: -75 chromo: tf bl vrxnrf to begevadbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thdtmi dxto suffer.ttue seingb and aj.uksfo  outcageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms avainst a sextff trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie ty sceeah no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpaend. tye hearmacbe and whettzbhsanb nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1423 fit: -75 chromo: tj bl vrtnqf to begevadbiq theckuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thdtmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and aj.uksho  outcageoca ftgtune. on eoftake arms arainst a sextff trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpbend. tye hearnacae and whettzbhsanb nwturalqshocks.
gen: 1424 fit: -75 chromo: tj bl nrxnqf to begevadbiq thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dtto suffer.xtue seingb and ab.uksho  outcageoca ftgtune. on gohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceecf no more. andgbx aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearnacae and whettzbhsanz nuturalrshocks.
gen: 1425 fit: -75 chromo: tj bl nrtnrf to begevadbiq thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and ab.uksho  outcageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubids abdnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceeaf no more. andgbx aisleep to say wpzend. tye hearmacae and whettzbhsanz nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1426 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl vrxnrv to begevadbiu theg uhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thdtmi dxto suffer.ttue seingb and aj.uksfo  outcageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trqubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie ty sceeaf no more. andgbx aasleep to say wpaend. t e hearmacae and whettzbhsanj nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1427 fit: -75 chromo: tj bl vrxnqf to begeradbiu thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and ab.uksho  outcageoca ftgtune. on gohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubids aadfby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceecf no more. andgbx aisleep to say whbend. tye hearmacae and whettzbhsanb nuturalrshocks.
gen: 1428 fit: -75 chromo: tj bl frxnrv to begevadbiq thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thdtmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and ab.uksho  outcageoca ftgtune. on gohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubids aadfby cdmbsing end teem. tondie ta sceeah no more. andgbx aisleep to say wpbend. tae hearmacae and whettzbhsanf nuturalrshocks.
gen: 1429 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl frxnrf to begevadbiq thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dtto suffer.ttue seingb and aj.uksfo  outcageoka ftgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubics aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie ty sceecf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpaend. tye hearnacae and whettzahsann nuturalrshocks.
gen: 1430 fit: -75 chromo: tb bl nrxnrf to begevadbiy thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thdtmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and ab.uksho  outcageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubids aadfby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceeaf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpyend. tye hearnacae and whertzbhsana nwturalrshocks.
gen: 1431 fit: -75 chromo: tj bl frxnqf to begevadbis theg uhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and aj.uksho  outcageoca ftgtunf. on gohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceecf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpbend. tae hearnacae and whettzahsanz nuturalqshocks.
gen: 1432 fit: -75 chromo: tj bl frxnqf to begevadbis theg uhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and aj.uksho  outcageoca ftgtunf. on gohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceecf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpbend. tae hearnacae and whettzahsanz nuturalqshocks.
gen: 1433 fit: -74 chromo: tj bl frxnqf to begevadbis thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nowler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and aj.uksfo  outsageoca ftgtune. on gohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubics aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie ta sceecf no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpbend. tae hearnacae and whettzahsanz nuturalrshocks.
gen: 1434 fit: -74 chromo: tj bl frxnrf to begevadbis thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nouler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and aj.uksho  outcageoca frgtune. on gohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubids aadfby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu soeech no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpbend. tae hearmacae and whettzbhsanz nuturalrshocks.
gen: 1435 fit: -74 chromo: tj bl frxnrf to begevadbis thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nouler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingr and aj.uksho  outcageoca frgtune. on gohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubids aadfby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceecn no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpbend. tae hearmacae and whettzahsanz nuturalqshocks.
gen: 1436 fit: -74 chromo: tj bl frxnrf to begeradbis thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nouler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingr and aj.vksho  outcageoca frgtune. on oogtake arms atainst a sextff trrubids aadfby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceech no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpbend. tye hearmacae and whettzbhsanz nuturalrshocks.
gen: 1437 fit: -74 chromo: tb bl frxnrf to begevadbis theg uhstion.lwhether tis nouler hn thctmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and ab.uksho  outcageoca ftgtune. on eohtake arms adainst a sextff trrubids aadnby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tu sceecn no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpaend. tae hearnacae and whettzahsanz nuturalqshocks.
gen: 1438 fit: -74 chromo: tj bl frxnrv to begeradbis thegkuhstion.lwhether tis nouler gn thdtmi dxto suffer.xtue seingb and aj.uksho  outcageoca frgtune. on oohtake arms atainst a sextff trrubids aadfby cdmbsing end teem. tondie tq sceech no more. andgbv aisleep to say wpbend. tye hearmacae and whettzbhsanj nuturalrshocks.
...
gen: 6968 fit: -8 chromo: to be lr not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the scings and arrows ot outrageous f rtune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. andrby a sleep to say we end. the heargache and the tiousand naturalfshocks.
