C:\Users\djoff\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python36\python.exe C:/git/Evolutionary-Algorithms/ex1/part_b.py
(<class '__main__.ShakespeareGA'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.selection_strategy.RankSelection'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.selection_strategy.RouletteWheelSelection'>, <class '__main__.CustomTextUniformCrossover'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.crossover_strategy.TwoParentsTwoChildren'>, <class '__main__.CustomTextLetterMutation'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.genetic_algorithm.ApplyElitism'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.fitness_function.AbsoluteFitness'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.genetic_algorithm.GeneticAlgorithm'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.selection_strategy.SelectionStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.crossover_strategy.CrossoverStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.mutation_strategy.MutationStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.fitness_function.FitnessFuncBase'>, <class 'abc.ABC'>, <class 'object'>)
elitism=2
mutation_rate=0.001
crossover_rate=0.75
population_size=500
add scale down to selection
gen: 0 fit: 22 mean: 10.64 chromo: cwwkctdqzsxzxrtotwvcqaehiappf.nnzedlk c iqgu.serwhfqrgyypiauqawdhhjxvkseqlhsw dbh.u.g bjfily txnu epucyrvhdyuwlcv.jz.ufsqptoqhwqhkwwmvmhzrykhpcrdiqgvu.cvzuiybpgmmnqubh.aeltcjq.ybbcvjx .qbbabzsrcy zzexdjvbdtcuxcxqrnboi jyql gtnyjvsiebvoqq k s.fkiblrqdhwhqvtkebyss.edepcmxedkilbgkmeed pfi .rnskxhdyow
gen: 1 fit: 22 mean: 11.87 chromo: cwwkctdqzsxzxrtotwvcqaehiappf.nnzedlk c iqgu.serwhfqrgyypiauqawdhhjxvkseqlhsw dbh.u.g bjfily txnu epucyrvhdyuwlcv.jz.ufsqptoqhwqhkwwmvmhzrykhpcrdiqgvu.cvzuiybpgmmnqubh.aeltcjq.ybbcvjx .qbbabzsrcy zzexdjvbdtcuxcxqrnboi jyql gtnyjvsiebvoqq k s.fkiblrqdhwhqvtkebyss.edepcmxedkilbgkmeed pfi .rnskxhdyow
gen: 2 fit: 23 mean: 13.09 chromo: .ne.. vgpdwinkbgftotdudrrlmmzuk qi.mpdhkjn.etyxvyauzxnlzmpxircrpix mr.oxdisnymnnnkqfetccwiuotmafdadjdbcqu.stqizey.hzsqn qomdm.oaftprfdfr ymtoxsoihqxyncosiafv repupwuamgwdeucqn.cpp.tnmtegdbdnqkzjfvnzmqofndv.jajdhcfjv bhrciubhyilpfacdwrnzmy.egkzghgflhbw kigywk.jhguhrnbniqusqsczku.iediq yj.nx.jijyvxp
gen: 3 fit: 28 mean: 14.29 chromo: .ne.kzmqpdasnk wctotautr.lmuuuq qi.mmnkkjnletyxzy.itgnqbmppdrcrzio mrkozdosyzmdnzbnxeuc wiuhttfasfqrgucludscqxzwl.qwwqk spzlm..aytpjfdft.v oznsfnaqfonvossjfn replplkamgwdiudqifajp.t ctegqbdnqksjfdgzmvofads.jpjsqjfjvw..hekkbhgilpfacbjwnamsovtkzghqflkez gopfwke sxshrnbnicusqscvsdcirds tiu.jx vjqyvzp
gen: 4 fit: 28 mean: 15.64 chromo: .ne.kzmqpdasnk wctotautr.lmuuuq qi.mmnkkjnletyxzy.itgnqbmppdrcrzio mrkozdosyzmdnzbnxeuc wiuhttfasfqrgucludscqxzwl.qwwqk spzlm..aytpjfdft.v oznsfnaqfonvossjfn replplkamgwdiudqifajp.t ctegqbdnqksjfdgzmvofads.jpjsqjfjvw..hekkbhgilpfacbjwnamsovtkzghqflkez gopfwke sxshrnbnicusqscvsdcirds tiu.jx vjqyvzp
gen: 5 fit: 30 mean: 17.32 chromo: hjkxrtcfdxi.nejstpgkhdhjdmotgpljt.ljog ht wihhtrxnhibjbnj lfjoaiyz mamzl  ccj yt .vbmkm.h kbhzync orupnfrnirduosv zdiaarqwfplaonkqtdkszcwejtsqirducsnunzmnm.ueowpor xbrvl .nlimayzlhgyoaxp.ei owqocyyolmkfidlidgjwgboncsmskeieudnngtnrzox.fmrjldjusspmuerqgsxie bwcirbshtycvrwzwtqu .jfeqdwwtpadjldjhk.hof
gen: 6 fit: 34 mean: 18.99 chromo: .ienrztkdpetxooweuxtaapwrkfua ceehnfmjywj bmtjxudtltgnhwzdawegk ou ah.o kokqqw. rnsljfznmpoh lo dmkagiomiyi oxkchmvcksgfo.gec.jprd vtqlakii  nd haqimcvmfurznvrosapiocllamgzwwevpzpwl epe mqdxkcynjyxi.rtsmztsszvctrrjfvjshkoleeywzqehaqdhhzfbnisylzhqvridxlxqpidmouvyfhreuzmqkketadhpcluds q tmuiuljoyfsb
gen: 7 fit: 34 mean: 20.85 chromo: .ienrztkdpetxooweuxtaapwrkfua ceehnfmjywj bmtjxudtltgnhwzdawegk ou ah.o kokqqw. rnsljfznmpoh lo dmkagiomiyi oxkchmvcksgfo.gec.jprd vtqlakii  nd haqimcvmfurznvrosapiocllamgzwwevpzpwl epe mqdxkcynjyxi.rtsmztsszvctrrjfvjshkoleeywzqehaqdhhzfbnisylzhqvridxlxqpidmouvyfhreuzmqkketadhpcluds q tmuiuljoyfsb
gen: 8 fit: 35 mean: 22.90 chromo: qng.tcvqoszscvzjcrathuep.dnrwul qp.mrnky vbphfyzkdhagnqbbgp nrrlmrjlrkonqobs.tinsjnbtcckvimht yadfyrxslovgbcqxzcykfy klfxdzlh..oneplfdln.etbzugwnyvdonvmlpzyugxe rmqrkhpw indobfajsmc fhno. grekaaidyqpkwkyksfxpxbqmgnmwmuaekcv.debpexhslwtamwocaapfdcafxel aowzk.ebvxshpasmljexebogjdsrd.  vieq g ajqzjzu
gen: 9 fit: 37 mean: 24.61 chromo: hpqnaztbbpttxuohbbntiofia wqw snumolp  gsqbjtjnkvxaqenkwzywbegbaoufzo.s togpow.urn ojmclvplcakhmd rypiikirjtoiymhhtzksfkmagwnslr.eevbqgqivibkxd dukinzvzvxuonvrf.aciohdlw lzwoewpoyldsxrepbnadxcerjytmicjsafp skvctrdmisuutkobeeqamyynmddqnzfnywsyynnqqotlukhdrqdlauvabusxuvm dkgikghweludky  tpkgpl xzfsb
gen: 10 fit: 39 mean: 26.57 chromo: fiec ztpx.rtxoohjno aqpwgefuamc egsfmjgwbfbmtjmrdegtgnkwzcnwegb oh a.ao k kqmw.xrysfjdjlmpoh  a dmlagixmbmi oikcimucksgfelgecsjpad vtslpkviw n. maqifivmiurznvrosaxiyhleamszwwdiplpwssepv bqdxkcy jyxmwct.mzv sdvctrrjdvjshwogeeytkyhngqdhhzfbnosnyzhqvdnduuxglide.uvdbhruxutqkketddhwcluds q tpknbrjoyfsp
gen: 11 fit: 44 mean: 28.56 chromo: fi qepdrzu.pymjmbdfaiuilrschvukjz.gglnhxjnge yecfpeeijdxuilulgwpzofmoiedtliskzpct.junvbaeim taetddwrhkcdvheblupcgxyalmfpegtcbshqukmyczyhee ariu tiqwmanhajwjmspgmezb jlkv bgwj.ibyp.zho soond cvtoy pz volgoj hpmwjkuqbsmmietgafdiz..afwnyqqmtxvn.rtnrdlrix hqpz.eoesakmpicvybkwktnhhydesvdywwunolckuhqkua
gen: 12 fit: 46 mean: 30.75 chromo: lc qewvrzxvplo fcdfaiuie.skxvwcjz.wglnyqkmpe ieqfhee.jdyuilulfwpyh mrur tlhsunpcrkjuov jgil taytddwrhkcdvh.pswoedxtaujfpqgtcbgvqukvyczyhee arpuexhizkanhejrjorkgeonz.jlkw bgwjpihob.l o fo nd cvtoy tz dolvos j.mxbk qbsmmyxtgaidoy..afwnwqzmyxvn.rtbrdlrbx hqpl.eoesakmnzcgobkwq.rhhydesvdqzhepal.kjhykua
gen: 13 fit: 48 mean: 33.10 chromo: .z zepkgznttnaiebumahathrcmhfukmqndtldhklkhucsermdetgjdrtqodl  aioqf.no.tgotkzdbtqrjwvvaoplbez nwsmahuclmxjclxplgxyathyperteqhwcudmjcvftev azjlcfaqina..angjhbygqerz  lav xobnffemp.nkaetobgk crej.fzo belncjnzhmpulpndsmt khoafdxpc.odevkj  zxvsaptrcdocdvudgpt.ky eakdexcnd dnkt.qhafsuudwan nml cxqyvu
gen: 14 fit: 49 mean: 34.93 chromo: lo kbwvrdnvpnw  fufaiaio.skzvwcju.wglnilpmpezi qzneozj yucfdjfpbyo mf t tlmsuwpczkjuov cgil tlytndgfqkzkrubpsomaxxtyujbjqktczmvju.vjcxyteey rps xhijwrndexrjjzkgmonz.bllw e.djpihop.l oxgqngd cvdxfatzvdelvms jpmxtk qnemmkcukagtwbk.bmwowqz ixvn.ztbrdjdex hgvl.eoasakhbncgobkwk.rtukdnsddqzgupal.kjjykua
gen: 15 fit: 53 mean: 36.81 chromo: hwpkk tvbootxwiabe t beinqnqhtcquwsfpp osglm sprmdlegnkwsmgbngbjdh mkusznorpombbryeyjqjzwilw  pfdfrpekwiyrg qxichhycksfkorupltjrrhvdmybpkvquobdexoaq.ztzisofn xf mrixgba  .uw  vpspklyxnv wngrceenj o lcgxjztxyzemhvgzoxnuafo.weyin.kiiqvvrz syisayzpqajkelraqwtklauvashfnuo dtne.wzhpclhfkquitauapk xl s.
gen: 16 fit: 55 mean: 38.64 chromo: lmqnaszrdxvsnwiyfux.iap .skzfrcju.fgpwjlpolezi qhheozj yscfdjy bp  ma v tl quwpceojjoz clil jldtndgfukpgruspsomayxtyusbfqrhcnsvjohvjhxyaeey rxs aaidwz ggetjapkgmtzi blia cnj xihlpwljolgqmgdichpxbkzzmdolvmssmpmxperqnentkcqkwgdwpk.bmfoeqmyixvn.vzbrdldcsudgvl.ek sabhi dgm pwkgrdjksaud qzgupandlexykia
gen: 17 fit: 57 mean: 40.51 chromo: lmqnaszkdx txgiffbxthlp ckkufmhqucwgpwygjmletr.vhhixgrkrsdekqy jp smhnv ri qkw.nrosvtf jmilhtag hdlrukogrgsplykey.tqksgf.rhriscpoh ldzypkekarpc aheikz mgeryaphf.tzz h.iaxcndjdvolpwjsulfnbnqikcy b zimdrfjdp mzqaperqovmtyeqgwmdaryejffd rmyboonarziwvrcduuxglldek wabmi dwmbplegdhjdsegc kz epypdrjhysip
gen: 18 fit: 60 mean: 42.87 chromo: hwqna zvbootxwiffe thbeinqkuhmhquwsfpwygjmle sprmdiegnkrsdekng jph mhns no qkwbnroevtq zwilh apfhdrrukwiygsplxkcyhtcksgforurisjpoh lmzbpkvkurpd xoaq.ztzgerynpif.tri h.i xcuw  vospwlyxlv wngrkey j oimcgfjdp yzqahegqoxnuafqgwedin.kjfqvvrm boinarzpwarceluxgwtkekuvabhfnuwmdple.dhjpslgfkqu tauapkjxl s.
gen: 19 fit: 65 mean: 45.00 chromo: lmqnasdpzxotxgiffbxwhdpq.ktufkhqucyguwykjkletgerhmiegnbrwdkkq  j.  monv ri soz.xroswtf jmilhtqgnddcrbkngrzscoyolyxyaksyjoetqig.puj lwzlpkvtarpcefheimz mgttyabhdstzzuhmutpcndjxiqepwj uti bnq ccd . zildefndj mlmapsxqo mtsflgwmdxrffjgnd rmyboondrzncorndsusgzldek wabuizbwm pheg.qjdmeru kufupta rjhcj.p
gen: 20 fit: 67 mean: 47.41 chromo: hwqka dpbitt wivfe thdti.qtuemhquhstplgkekqu sprihiegnkbsgpkng j.o mons no qozbny.evjq xwilh ppfhlcauiniygswlxocyhyakdfjodtolg.cuh jmzbpzvtarnd xiaimntz exonbyf.tzn b.ltpczw  vpsyslimlg wngrkrd . oimdgnjdp yzqahexqoxmstfqgamdxp.fjfqvvjmqbowndobpwyccds xowm.sarrabhenuwd ple.dhjbslrfh  fuahapkhol .x
gen: 21 fit: 71 mean: 49.80 chromo: hitiepdpdf.tpdo nefahqpi sbsuuseu.ntpny wipj vehphbsrn wmorivgblrx mmmos ogsuwaark xjvcqqiomh dddyofcocilg.poumchxymusfroshspsjcjdivwjla.ekaris eoufvc .aeryq kfornour.lk laq pfhaphdsqnp ino tcak..zsmdgbjzj vlemivumi.jukbhl.aqky.jvhcnkmaqvuwfapmncccnlg xget.mbrjxkheedhm uheinospssgdiqwiuaaaumuqcksq
gen: 22 fit: 71 mean: 51.95 chromo: hitiepdpdf.tpdo nefahqpi sbsuuseu.ntpny wipj vehphbsrn wmorivgblrx mmmos ogsuwaark xjvcqqiomh dddyofcocilg.poumchxymusfroshspsjcjdivwjla.ekaris eoufvc .aeryq kfornour.lk laq pfhaphdsqnp ino tcak..zsmdgbjzj vlemivumi.jukbhl.aqky.jvhcnkmaqvuwfapmncccnlg xget.mbrjxkheedhm uheinospssgdiqwiuaaaumuqcksq
gen: 23 fit: 71 mean: 53.94 chromo: hitiepdpdf.tpdo nefahqpi sbsuuseu.ntpny wipj vehphbsrn wmorivgblrx mmmos ogsuwaark xjvcqqiomh dddyofcocilg.poumchxymusfroshspsjcjdivwjla.ekaris eoufvc .aeryq kfornour.lk laq pfhaphdsqnp ino tcak..zsmdgbjzj vlemivumi.jukbhl.aqky.jvhcnkmaqvuwfapmncccnlg xget.mbrjxkheedhm uheinospssgdiqwiuaaaumuqcksq
gen: 24 fit: 72 mean: 56.03 chromo: hptqtzonyqoa wn bpgthapi.q thrcqqhitmlyowzpt iwrftbsrnkruivihgblopjlfcseto ywwdcedplhfcwgilha ztdmoaqpxdlubclukah yzcsnkohxua.jaitbltjtahvivrxd xaqiw.t.llt.nmoobaroxbllk auddbzagpkz c gnend crqbyjqildfnjdpsxlepbg ntkmiretkvikan eiifdzmb tovsnlpnbqcilo lheiblarvwxhnudgmd u wadjucaudd ui maodkenlvsu
gen: 25 fit: 75 mean: 58.19 chromo: .wgze orxi.tswqvfe ehdeiiq ufmhqqhstplgkjolqkspvihiegnkd.ivkhtbl.v mo.oznd qoz.nr.evesjjwioh lpndlcruimkvdpwlxodyhyacjejodtolg.jh.bjtybakesarbs ageinntzjlxymmjfbtzn bllapaqd uppop tsonf headckd t qxmdgbmdp ylebur qozmskeooamdhn.gjgncjrmywousaobbqyccdw dommlearvwbienigc  segwyebcerfdq feabaplhhlvsb
gen: 26 fit: 77 mean: 60.07 chromo: ligqtpondq.tsdq bnfthapiik thrcqqhntpny jzlt vwvfmbsgnkwmivihgbloxolfmseto qwwdbedpljvcwqiohh d.dfoaqoxdlubclukcygyzusfkohauarjiiddltjtah iarbu eaqiva .alr.n kobaroxbllk aaddbzhgpkn cng enq tcaky qildgnjfjsxlebbvuqfkmsretlwmqar.eaifnzob vewfnlpnqvjnlo ahpiblarewxheedgcdoheiwdsucagdd wi paldkhqlvsu
gen: 27 fit: 80 mean: 62.16 chromo: howqe zrzpotck obtftaanvikyuethquiitoljey.bmtspripzegnbrsdvink jhu mogekdorsulab.d paz lmiihhzandfailovrlrs o uaygeyusbf.ltupg.uvrnepdgakv zrnsuxiqqv szlxtgm ogmbzqublamptujjpvdlp.iypxg mbq xveab oxmbtljztzsdebykrnfsu re..vmgiby.sgnuvnm sxipnvwgqsjhdu .qmldenttxbhn bvmdknebaqhueluds a e aa k hymsf
gen: 28 fit: 83 mean: 63.97 chromo: lcgkewonzfhtnwoithxtzqt .qnueihq cstpny woqucherpthb n bsgpkqf lxuumvntytohswwb rk vhg slqol. pnhlabuklkisscoxycy yaksfrogtuim.aih nwjprgwkarld fiaivxk.  ofavffoa.tobl vpsnwjbfpopelgqagabnd kkpn.soqmfgbnnjxdkebpummtwmskko aedep.eamqvzjmtvewcyv bmqlndx xdwlwmarjauhfeund uhepddhuzygdh ah aaapkzxlpst
gen: 29 fit: 85 mean: 65.77 chromo: hogqesokzqttnwo.bbf.haep smseuhq ls.lnywjxhuchecdtisrnbbtirwjmpxuv zontvtohsewinrg .hf slillh d.dlafpooklo.wtumahgt.es.fbrtwn..aidvnwjgrivkvqxg aoamvzkz  tfapff trt hllk badjbdpopevgcneaind crpnj zsmdgbv s xlemfuunikmspkolweqwp.gjmwn jbmvtwfyypgqalcdxbxqetbgaemabhnednmquh tdohpzegyi a  aaa pholvsb
gen: 30 fit: 91 mean: 68.31 chromo: lcgzasonznyhn.oitefthqt .skueihq csganygwoq gherpteb nvbmgpkgfblxeumvntytohsuwb r.svhg clio . pmdlabqomolgspoxycy yausfrqghonm.aoh vwjwvkw vrld niadvxk.  ofavofot.tobl vplndjufoop.lsqngqbndnkcqjtsosmfgbnntxdkebpvmmosmskko gedep.eagqvzjm zewfyp qcqwndvuydylwmarhauhpeund phepdohusyud kaheaaap zolpst
gen: 31 fit: 91 mean: 70.86 chromo: lcgzasonznyhn.oitefthqt .skueihq csganygwoq gherpteb nvbmgpkgfblxeumvntytohsuwb r.svhg clio . pmdlabqomolgspoxycy yausfrqghonm.aoh vwjwvkw vrld niadvxk.  ofavofot.tobl vplndjufoop.lsqngqbndnkcqjtsosmfgbnntxdkebpvmmosmskko gedep.eagqvzjm zewfyp qcqwndvuydylwmarhauhpeund phepdohusyud kaheaaap zolpst
gen: 32 fit: 91 mean: 73.08 chromo: lcgzasonznyhn.oitefthqt .skueihq csganygwoq gherpteb nvbmgpkgfblxeumvntytohsuwb r.svhg clio . pmdlabqomolgspoxycy yausfrqghonm.aoh vwjwvkw vrld niadvxk.  ofavofot.tobl vplndjufoop.lsqngqbndnkcqjtsosmfgbnntxdkebpvmmosmskko gedep.eagqvzjm zewfyp qcqwndvuydylwmarhauhpeund phepdohusyud kaheaaap zolpst
gen: 33 fit: 97 mean: 75.59 chromo: hcgnesokznyhnaoibefthap .skufihq cstanygwxq gheritbe nbbmggkgfbllx mvnsvtohsunbnr.gvhg clil   dyd afqomold.ptuyav yausfrqrhwng.aih wddwvkexvwlgcniaivxt.g osapof tzz bl v lgdjbfospjlsqngabnd kcqbjyysmrgbjwsxdkiaplumokm lko gzdi..eagqvwsm zb fyo qcaw douydylbeaehaxhsednd pketdohudyud  a eaaa eholps.
gen: 34 fit: 101 mean: 77.77 chromo: lcgzesoszi.hnwoite thqt .skteuhqqcsganygwoh  vdrpthb nvbmcrkgfpphe mvntytohsuwp r. fhv clioba pmdlofqomoleppouymy yausfjqrtunh.coh vwvwvkw vrn. noai.ntz xmfa ofotrnubl wplndjxfbop.lsq gabndycemntsosmfgbnvs dkexpvrmdnmckxo .adiykejgqvzmm vewfdpbqcvwnmv ygymwsarmauhpeundqkhepdojusahdmlaweaalp holpst
gen: 35 fit: 101 mean: 80.01 chromo: lcgzesoszi.hnwoite thqt .skteuhqqcsganygwoh  vdrpthb nvbmcrkgfpphe mvntytohsuwp r. fhv clioba pmdlofqomoleppouymy yausfjqrtunh.coh vwvwvkw vrn. noai.ntz xmfa ofotrnubl wplndjxfbop.lsq gabndycemntsosmfgbnvs dkexpvrmdnmckxo .adiykejgqvzmm vewfdpbqcvwnmv ygymwsarmauhpeundqkhepdojusahdmlaweaalp holpst
gen: 36 fit: 101 mean: 82.36 chromo: hmgzeswnfi.a w oge thqn is thtqqucsgmnygekhenvprmhrb.nbytagigf jh  m.nryto sun. r. fhv cxi.ba pmdlofqimrlpp ouychghahsbjqrtun..qohvw.vwvevkvzns noai.ntzaxriaehfotrnubllamcndjxzqop.llcpgabng cepnt oqmfgljvs dkexplgmbsmchfo .edk.ygjgqv mm vnwfdy gfvxnmx ygy dsaumamhpeandqkheidoousahdmyageaalp holvst
gen: 37 fit: 103 mean: 84.54 chromo: ligzesokvq.tnwnofhpaaqp .qkqhtkq cstojygjohj hprptesen ysiriqy lhx mmutkto srzf r. ihfcjmi.btpafddgfqoooloppouprygeacsfjoszjqh.uodincyergr awjs foiikav.giria of.trnubl k tnd xzpjp.zyqng bed ccen. tjwdgnnvt xkmapuxmvomsket bedipyiagqe nm vewgapbqwqwndv dgeywearmauhpibn  khbgrdjusnydmlawuraa  hql st
gen: 38 fit: 106 mean: 86.53 chromo: hagiesmkzi.tnwn beptaqp .qkqhmhqulstkly wohj hekiehsendbmivijfrjhe mtuovto suz. rd iafjslill kdndsgfhooklrppsuomy yausbjqrhwbs.cohvvwjlvke vrjs foaivrt. lrya of.arqubl h tnd bzpophlgitg bed xran.szoldgbvnq dlerplxmvkm kwolladi.yia dnemb wewg.vbgcqwndv xgyiweattauhpjanm khegrgopchud lage.aad holkst
gen: 39 fit: 111 mean: 89.67 chromo: hcqle onzp t wbhbp thqeiis tfkhq nstpnysempj idvitesenkbtcrilguloeymont to su fnr. vtv klikbhpdmhlgadovklgewoxkzhgtousxfsrtsnmvkht vpjsxke vrxs fguimzk.gtrsa ff hrnxb.k paqd rzoopwisqeg ond ccq . omlftlvdt xleryq nosmspetlexdifyej wuerm wewfav gcvlndv aqezxearta.heeugdd he.dhhkdhatkkahe. lpl ozks.
gen: 40 fit: 111 mean: 92.29 chromo: hcqle onzp t wbhbp thqeiis tfkhq nstpnysempj idvitesenkbtcrilguloeymont to su fnr. vtv klikbhpdmhlgadovklgewoxkzhgtousxfsrtsnmvkht vpjsxke vrxs fguimzk.gtrsa ff hrnxb.k paqd rzoopwisqeg ond ccq . omlftlvdt xleryq nosmspetlexdifyej wuerm wewfav gcvlndv aqezxearta.heeugdd he.dhhkdhatkkahe. lpl ozks.
gen: 41 fit: 111 mean: 94.72 chromo: hcqle onzp t wbhbp thqeiis tfkhq nstpnysempj idvitesenkbtcrilguloeymont to su fnr. vtv klikbhpdmhlgadovklgewoxkzhgtousxfsrtsnmvkht vpjsxke vrxs fguimzk.gtrsa ff hrnxb.k paqd rzoopwisqeg ond ccq . omlftlvdt xleryq nosmspetlexdifyej wuerm wewfav gcvlndv aqezxearta.heeugdd he.dhhkdhatkkahe. lpl ozks.
gen: 42 fit: 111 mean: 96.93 chromo: hcqle onzp t wbhbp thqeiis tfkhq nstpnysempj idvitesenkbtcrilguloeymont to su fnr. vtv klikbhpdmhlgadovklgewoxkzhgtousxfsrtsnmvkht vpjsxke vrxs fguimzk.gtrsa ff hrnxb.k paqd rzoopwisqeg ond ccq . omlftlvdt xleryq nosmspetlexdifyej wuerm wewfav gcvlndv aqezxearta.heeugdd he.dhhkdhatkkahe. lpl ozks.
gen: 43 fit: 113 mean: 98.69 chromo: lw zesmaoi.tsxnabefthzt .s whmhqumstkntgwoqjchprihbs n ywipie bjle mmnvvtorqunfcrg ief jlilrhpamdlofqovkig powpmy yausfjqstjnhvaorvvmjlvke vrps dgaikztz ixfa hfotroubles tndjbdpopwlsxngabed xwan. vjhfgbjnr dleayvumbnmskxol.ediyyiahqeznb tows.ybgcqwndg .gelwgarhabhe unm tletrgjuslhdmlaheraxpkholpst
gen: 44 fit: 117 mean: 100.67 chromo: niqsesokzxot ai te thatv.s uficq wsgxlmkjxldksecwtisrnkwtirkly.jxe mmnozto sewi rdglhq sliwv. gta ancooolo pouachgtousnroh jig.phh vwjla.e  rns ngainyt.vetzneofotroxbl k cad bdyopelscmg  no cjej.szm diljwjsdkqbhrmdikmcre.haeqasyiagwnzrmqxe fay qcaxndu kdwljebrwxkhpebnd tnebreopsaad laie.al  rol st
gen: 45 fit: 121 mean: 103.02 chromo: .wgzezmnzo..xki be .hac iq whkhqucstknjgtop cuwrhtbs n ymcpkgtbjoe mhnlvto sowfcrg kt. kliwbj amd.cfqopilspwowmmlxe.usfforzun.vuor nwjyakr vwps fguimct.viofj ofotrb blea cndjbzpop.lsxng ono kemn. ojwdibnns xzerprrmo mareo aedi.yijdcuksm wo gap gcqwndx .gw de rmaxhp bnd khewdgjpslgdmla u.aap holpsb
gen: 46 fit: 121 mean: 105.18 chromo: hiqsezdsoiot wb gh thatiie afthquhstxngsbxldkherptisrn btirkly. xe mmntvto sewb rkgvhq seiwva gna ancooklo pouacygtausnrorhjigopht vcjla.j arng ngainntmvetza flotroxbl k cad bhybpelsqmg bno ccmn.sos diljdr dnebhr mismmre..eeqesyia fnzjm te gao qcaxkdu rdw webrwxkhfeund tleirhspsayd  aiuoalbpholpst
gen: 47 fit: 125 mean: 107.24 chromo: lcbze wnyntt k  be thnt ns shmcqucitolygeohmhierpthsgnbbdxrdlmbpuu msnoztoixun. r. the klillj zmd afqoxrag.powychgyausxfogzpn..qjk nwvtakexazxucaouivp .  ryaeofosrn b.kw cnd bzbmp.lsqngobed kemn. zo dgbvos xleapprnojmuket eedeyyia qvej  xx s.v bqvendxl.oykxeartakhezugd  h .dhhkeegdmnyhepalp hocpsq
gen: 48 fit: 125 mean: 109.82 chromo: libze mpyntt ko be ahat nsyshucqqxigolyseohevhdrptbsenvwdxidgybphh msnozkorxuzf r. th. jcillj zddlaaqovilospouichgyausxfogzpnm.ajkvnwvlakexazjscfguffpv. irfarofosrnsblks cnd bdbop.nsqng ied kemn.soo dgbvos xleaprrmojmupet eedeyyiatqvej  vo f.vbbfvecdxlydykkeartakheednd khe.dhouseadmnageral  holpsq
gen: 49 fit: 128 mean: 112.33 chromo: lcqzezwnbqttcko bf taat ns shrcaucitanygephmhierpthsgnbbdcr jmbjoh msnozto xuni r. the kliwlj z.djafpoxrad.pouycugyausffogzunm.ujh lwzgakexazpu aguinpt.a rfaeofohrtob.kk cnd bzbop.l.t g bnq pemn. oomdievvt sleaprrnbomake. eedeyyia qjesm vewf.vbbcvendxl.dw xearwak.eicnd ph .whhkslgdmnahenalpihoqpsq
gen: 50 fit: 131 mean: 114.48 chromo: hcgsezms iotxoo bh thac  snahthq cstknissxhdgueritis.nbzsip gyblxx mhntvto suwb r. .hq kliwva amdyaecoqo dpwoxmcygy.usrjorzuvrocir nwdlake vrng ngaivnt.  zfa ofotroxbdekptndjbzybpexsqng ind ccme.ktswdobjod xnemppxmism reo aedefyismenesm be gao qbqwndx .dy xebrwabhf agd kheprhouseud nafunaaalhjlus.
gen: 51 fit: 135 mean: 117.01 chromo: .wgze oaypotcw .befthate.skahuhquhstmnygexpetuprptis n wmgr eyujhh moulvtl szzfbr.sihf  lilbjpadhfcfcooivmppoummh eahsrfortsng.uor wbjwaer arps nguimnt.gxtfa ofotzoublek a.d bzympeljqng bnd khee. oo d ennr sdeaprrno mm e. amdi.yej cnyrw mo favbgcvendx xoeixfarmakheibgd ph .wgjuuauti aiunaxpihocpsb
gen: 52 fit: 138 mean: 119.73 chromo: ligge wnbqttcko tf that ns temhquhstknggeohehhecptisgnbb.ci hmbphhymontzto su i r. xhe kwiwhj dmd mrcoxiloepouychgyousffouzunh.ajh ltzgakexarju aoaimnk.a pin ofotrtub.ew cnnjbdbopel.tng ied cemnb zjmbfevot slexpqrnbommkx. eedwbyij mjesm vo f.v dcvendk xgw xeartxuhpkugd phetdhouzeudmna ueal ihoc sq
gen: 53 fit: 139 mean: 122.23 chromo: .oqse oszootcw .bhfthate.snshihq hstsnygezhjtuerptis n zsgr eyujhe moutvtl suzb r.s.hq klilba addfafcoqxvmpwoummhgeohsrfortsn..uhe wwjgake vrns nguimnt.g rfa ofotroublek a.d uzymphljqng ond ccme. osmdibvor sdeapprnosmm eo amde.yis enzrw me gaomgbvendx .oeixebrtakhf bgd pheprgjusaud  aiunkxpphocksb
gen: 54 fit: 143 mean: 125.21 chromo: hogle ok kot xo tf t uc iskahrhq mslsprsuxhjchermtisen bdii igblhe mvnlvto sundcqg xjq lliwhh amd afqkcklojpowmchgyousfjoutunr.chhpnwdeaee arns fiaivntzetrsa ff t.oubllk tnd bzyopetsyngaind teeo. oomdgejnj ydeapr mbemsrx. aidhyyia wcvjm to sdymqcawndu xdulbmartauhsecnd  he.rehuslhd naiu  l lhocusb
gen: 55 fit: 147 mean: 127.87 chromo: .ogse opzoot ko.th tha. .syshmhq cstsnygezhjbuerptis nhb.gr eyuj.u monrvtl suwf r. xhq klilba addfafcolxvoppowychgeacsbforasn.ouhe vwjgake vrms ngeimnt.r ria of troublek a.n uzhopklsqng bnd ccme. osmbibvosxsdeaprinosmmre. aedwnyejgenzzm mo sap gcvendx xoeibeartakhf bgd pneprhjusahd  u unkl phocks.
gen: 56 fit: 149 mean: 130.22 chromo: lcqqe onzn jcko tf taan is shrhquhstanywuzhehherntisrnbjmcr hfblhe monrzto su fnr. ph. llil d dndjonuoxhlo pouyzh eousffortunr.qod wwjeake vz s agaicptz erfn of rrbublek tnd bzqapwn.tng ind cemx. zowrgbvos dlebpr noommrxt .edhmyia mvesm zewgao gcvlndkb.gw xeareaxheicnm uhe.ahjksahdmnateral  hocksq
gen: 57 fit: 150 mean: 132.29 chromo: ligqewoszoot .o.be thnppisnthwhq hstslysemhjtheritis n bwir lmujuo mjnvzto suzi r.sxhf kliwra pndlarcoqxagppoummhgyycsffortun..aor nwzgake vr s foaimntzg tfaeofotroub.ek and xzomp.tytng bndmkcae. tsmdeenvr sdeapq nozma e. aidwmyia euwjm to g.y gfvendk .oemxeartakhniund phepdhjuseudina u.appihxcvsq
gen: 58 fit: 151 mean: 134.08 chromo: lcqze okvnttcki bectaatiisnthtcqunstolgssxqecierhtis n bwgiijybjhh monozto qulf rd khq sliwhapamd crukxivg.poumgugeocsgfortugg.aoh vojtalex rpsengaivnz.a mfa of trnubl k aij bf bpwlsi g bnd chmnt vo dienvq ddmmpn no mm e. aadiyyiadmdwm  to say ncvxndx xdelxearmabhezbnd ph tdghuseadklaieial  hockst
gen: 59 fit: 153 mean: 136.32 chromo: hiqge opznhtxwi be that .sfteihqucstonyse.htkheritesrn bmmr gyplie montvto qulfnr.sihe xlilla amd mabookio poukalgeausfforhu ..cor nbzsaee arpd agaimytia mfa of troublk  and xzyop.vscngobnd cnqefszs dibvos dlempr nd mure. aediyyiadqvzjb vewsyy gcalndv ydekwearwasheyund  he.dhjushgtinaou aa pholps.
gen: 60 fit: 154 mean: 139.01 chromo: hoqze onbnot wo begahacp.s tekhquhslslrsuxhecheritesenkwmirkgmblhe mvntsto suffnr. xhq lliwhh gmdlofbooizospowmccgyousxfortunr.koh nwjtrke arps fgaivnt.  tsavof troubliw tnd xzbopwwsq g bnd khaj. zqmdienoq sleaprunoknc e. aidiyyia mnesw xx sdzzgcqends you bm.etabheebnd khe.whhusaadknaiua l lhjcms.
gen: 61 fit: 160 mean: 140.53 chromo: lo ze onziot ko tegthac nskuhrhqucqtalisemhebherithsenbbmgr imblhe monrztohsewfbr. xhe slim h gndlarpoqkao pouozygeousfforhjnh.aor dwzyake arzs ngaimnt. eofaeof.troubllkptnd bfqop.njcngpbnd cemv. zowdixjvj xleapp nbznmre. aedhfyia kvesm woosao hcqjndv kgw xeartauhe bwd thetrhbussrdina eral lhoijsx
gen: 62 fit: 162 mean: 142.59 chromo: hcqze onzoot wi be thati.s thwhqccstalrss.hekheritis n bmmrigy lhe monlkto sunfnr. vhq slilla gnd mrqoxklo. oukaugeyhsffortu sochr nozgaee arxs aguvkn .a mfn of tro ble  cnd xfyop.wyirg bnd chpe. zq d enos xdebpr noemuke.laadiyyia mvemb bo s.y hcqendv yde xearwabhpyund phegdgjushudina u alakholksb
gen: 63 fit: 162 mean: 144.30 chromo: hcqze onzoot wi be thati.s thwhqccstalrss.hekheritis n bmmrigy lhe monlkto sunfnr. vhq slilla gnd mrqoxklo. oukaugeyhsffortu sochr nozgaee arxs aguvkn .a mfn of tro ble  cnd xfyop.wyirg bnd chpe. zq d enos xdebpr noemuke.laadiyyia mvemb bo s.y hcqendv yde xearwabhpyund phegdgjushudina u alakholksb
gen: 64 fit: 164 mean: 146.44 chromo: logzezonzsot ko tegthat is uatsquhstanisemhebhevithsenbbmir gmblhe monozto su inr. fhe sliw h dnd aopookao. oukzlgeousffortunh.ajh dwzqake arzs ngaiknti etfaeodmtroublek and bfqop.njcng bnd kemn. zo dtxnvj xlebpu nbznmye. aedhbyia mverm woosay qmqlndvuxgw be.rtauheibnd thehrhbusagdina u aa mholksx
gen: 65 fit: 165 mean: 148.78 chromo: hieze os oot wo ge thati.q thwhqucstalrssxhekheritisrn bmmiiggujhe monlkto sulpnr.svhq slillj gnd mrdoxklo.poukahgeyusffortuns.ahr nwzgaee arxs ngavkztma mfn of tro bll  cydzbfyop.wyirg bnd thee. vq d bnos slebpr noenuke. aadiyyia mvem  bo say hcvendv yge xearwabheybnd phegahjusaudk a u alakhocksb
gen: 66 fit: 169 mean: 150.51 chromo: logze onznot ki begthat is uetsquhsgalisemhevherithsenbbmcr gmblue monozto sulinr. the sliw d gndjarpookaoj oukclgeousgfortunh.aoh dwjsakexarzs again t.a rfa ofmtro blekpand bzhop.njing bnd kcme. oo dtenvq dlebpp noenmye. aedhbyiadmverb vo eyy qmqlndu xgwmxe.rtauheibnd thehrhousagdilyiueaaamholksb
gen: 67 fit: 171 mean: 152.57 chromo: ho ze on not wo bf tiat is thmhqccftsnyssxqekhdritts n bmmrihgblue mhnvkto sewf r.sxhq xlilla atdfaopoqk gppoukmugeousgfortu r.art jmjtake ar s ngumnnt.a zfn of troublkw andjxfqop.vsing bnd chee. oo dievorxsleadr no ms e. aediyyia nvesb to sap bcvendu ydemxearwakhpibnd thegrhbusaadi a u ap  hocks.
gen: 68 fit: 172 mean: 154.81 chromo: .ogge osonotnwo be that gs thisqucstaaysjohehierctisrnb mgrdjgu he m.nlzto sulf r.sije kliwbh gnd aruookvoepoukzsgeocsffortunr.kor ncveake ar u fgain t.aezfa of troubl s xnd bzqapkwsqng ond keenbstomdievfs blebpu nbzmsre. aedebyia qnesb to g.y dcvenvk ydelxeartaxhsyund kle.wdhusaed kafural iholksu
gen: 69 fit: 172 mean: 156.91 chromo: .ogge osonotnwo be that gs thisqucstaaysjohehierctisrnb mgrdjgu he m.nlzto sulf r.sije kliwbh gnd aruookvoepoukzsgeocsffortunr.kor ncveake ar u fgain t.aezfa of troubl s xnd bzqapkwsqng ond keenbstomdievfs blebpu nbzmsre. aedebyia qnesb to g.y dcvenvk ydelxeartaxhsyund kle.wdhusaed kafural iholksu
gen: 70 fit: 173 mean: 159.06 chromo: ho ze os notc.o be that is ththqccftsnywsmqetheritts n btmriim lue mhuvzto sewf r. xhq ulvohh ptdlaopoqk gspouamugeousgfortunr.crt btztake ar s ngamnnt.a rfa of tro bllk andjbfbop.tsing bnd keee. oo biennr sleadn no mske. aedimyia mvesb to sav jcvendx ydemxearwashpibnd phegrhbusaad la enapp hocps.
gen: 71 fit: 177 mean: 160.64 chromo: hogzezmsbnot ko beptaat is tethquhstkaysexhechevithsenbbtgr gmbjoe monryto sulf r.sfhe sliw a andjar.ookaoj oukglgeousffortunh.cor dwveake vrjs dgavn tia mfa of troublew and bzqop.nsq g bnd khee. oo dgejvs dleapr nojmcre. aadiyyia mverm vo say gmqlndv .gemxeartauheibnd  he.dhouslhvnnaiuiaa mholps.
gen: 72 fit: 180 mean: 162.17 chromo: hogzezmsbnot wo be taat .s tethquhslalisjxhevherithsenkytgr gmbjhe monryto sunf r. fhe slilla and gr.oxkaoj oukglgeohsffortunh.cor dwveake arjs dgavn t.a mfa of troublew and bzqop.wsq g ind khee. oo dgevvt dleapr noemure. aadebyia mverm vo say gmqlndv ydemxeartauhekbnd phe.dhoushgdinaiueaa mholps.
gen: 73 fit: 180 mean: 163.53 chromo: hogzezmsbnot wo be taat .s tethquhslalisjxhevherithsenkytgr gmbjhe monryto sunf r. fhe slilla and gr.oxkaoj oukglgeohsffortunh.cor dwveake arjs dgavn t.a mfa of troublew and bzqop.wsq g ind khee. oo dgevvt dleapr noemure. aadebyia mverm vo say gmqlndv ydemxeartauhekbnd phe.dhoushgdinaiueaa mholps.
gen: 74 fit: 180 mean: 165.69 chromo: hogzezmsznot wo be that is tethquhslalyybmhetheritisenbywir nmbjie montyto suwfnr. .he slioh  a d.ar.owkao  oukmugeohxffortunm.cor dwdtake arps dgavnnt.a mfavof troublew and bzqop.iyq g ind khen. oo dievvu xlmbprrnoemsre. aadkbyia wvejm vo say gfalndu ydumxeartauhezbnd phegdhoushgdina u al mholps.
gen: 75 fit: 181 mean: 167.56 chromo: togze osynot wo be that is thphqumitaligw.hethdritis n btmr e  jhe monoyto suzf r. ihe slilcapamd.aryooxpgs ouuzygyocsffortunm.urr nojlake arzs xgaimnt.a tfa of troublew ind bfpop.nsi g bnd teqe. zo dienvj slebrrrnx msre. badebyea qvvjb tows.o gcvendvukgu xeartakhp bgd the.dejusagdmlafu al  hocksb
gen: 76 fit: 181 mean: 169.61 chromo: hcqze op not wo be that is thtnq osnanyksohe herptisrnbbtgr imblue montvto suzfnr. the lliwha dnd grpowlaos owkmigeousgforzunr.qot jodgzgexar s aguinpt.a tfn ofotrouble  i.d uzyop.lsing bnd temn. vo dinjot slebpr no msre.laidefyia mverz tolsyy hcqendv .de xearwa.heiund tkehahousaudiny u al ihocksb
gen: 77 fit: 187 mean: 170.92 chromo: hd ze os not xo be ahat is shtsq .stonyge.hekheritis nbywmr gmb hf m nvzto sunf rd vhe swio a and aabook oj ouumhgeousbfjr.un..aor jbztake arns ngainnv.a tya of trouble  and biyop.lscng ind tcqe. ts dievvj gpebprrno msre. aedibyia qvejm towgay gcvendx xqe xeartakheidndxthehahjusaed naoerap  hoyks.
gen: 78 fit: 190 mean: 172.46 chromo: hi ze os not ko be that is thtnq mstonygeohecheritis nbbwmr jm  he monrvto suwfnr. .he swiobh andlarbooklop ouymhgeousbfjr.un..aor kpztake arns ngaimnv.a mya of troubles and biyop.lscng bnd kcqn. ts dievvj dlebprrno mcre. aadiyyia qvej  te say gcvjndk .qe xearhaxheydnm thehrhjusagd naoerap  hoyks.
gen: 79 fit: 190 mean: 174.21 chromo: hd ze osynot wo be that is shtsq cstonigs.hekherpths n ywmr gmbjhf m nvzto sunf rd the swio a atd arqook op ouumhgeousfforzun..arr jbztake arns dgainnt.aetfa of troubl   and bfyop.lscng ind teee. zo dievvj dlebpr noomsre. aedibyia quesm voweay gcqendu xqe xeartauheidnd thehahousagd naoeaal khocks.
gen: 80 fit: 190 mean: 175.79 chromo: hi ze os not ko be that is thtnq mstonygeohecheritis nbbwmr jm  he monrvto suwfnr. .he swiobh andlarbooklop ouymhgeousbfjr.un..aor kpztake arns ngaimnv.a mya of troubles and biyop.lscng bnd kcqn. ts dievvj dlebprrno mcre. aadiyyia qvej  te say gcvjndk .qe xearhaxheydnm thehrhjusagd naoerap  hoyks.
gen: 81 fit: 195 mean: 177.44 chromo: ho ze wn not wo be that is ththq mstalygjzhecherptis n bdmr jmb oe monovto sunfnr. .he sliwhh and crbooklop oummhgeocsffor.unh.qod kojtake arns ngainntqa zfa of troubles and biyop.tscng bnd kcmn. ts dievoj dlebpr no mcre. aadiyyia quke  te say gcqjndv .qe xeartaxheybnd thetrhousayd paou al  hoyks.
gen: 82 fit: 195 mean: 179.33 chromo: ho ze wn not wo be that is ththq mstalygjzhecherptis n bdmr jmb oe monozto sunfnr. .he sliwhh and crbooklop oummhgeocsffor.unh.qod kojtake arns ngainntqa zfa of troubles and biyop.tscng bnd kcmn. ts dievoj dlebpr no mcre. aadiyyia quke  te say gcqjndv .qe xeartaxheybnd thetrhousayd paou al  hoyks.
gen: 83 fit: 195 mean: 180.83 chromo: ho ze wn not wo be that is ththq mstalygjzhecherptis n bdmr jmb oe monovto sunfnr. .he sliwhh and crbooklop oummhgeocsffor.unh.qod kojtake arns ngainntqa zfa of troubles and biyop.tscng bnd kcmn. ts dievoj dlebpr no mcre. aadiyyia quke  te say gcqjndv .qe xeartaxheybnd thetrhousayd paou al  hoyks.
gen: 84 fit: 196 mean: 182.45 chromo: hogze os not ko be that is ththq mstonygbxhetheritis n bsir egb he mjntsto suldnr. vhe klillh andlgrpowk oppouumvgeousfforzun..qor jodtake arju againnvma tfa of troublk  and biyopktsing bnd chen. oo dinvoj dleapp noemsre. aedibyia mvejb to iay gcdendv xde xmartakheidnd tne.rhbusagd naiuial lhocks.
gen: 85 fit: 196 mean: 183.91 chromo: hopze op not wo be that is ththq mstolysezhecheritis nlbwmr hm  oe montsto sunf r. vhe sliwhj and aaboxklo. ouymugeousffortunr.aod qovtake arns ngainnt.a tfa of troubles and bzyop.nsing bnd tcee. vo dievvs sdempr no mcre.baadiyyic eues  to say gcvjndx .qe xeartauheybnd  heprhhksaedkpaoehal lhocks.
gen: 86 fit: 197 mean: 185.42 chromo: ld ze on not ko be thqt isythusqumsuanrgjxhjtheritesrn bdhp nmbjhf monryto su i r. the sliw a amd arpookpmp oummhgeousffortun..aor jojtake arjs again t.a mfa of tnoublew and bfyopwtsq g bnd ceee. to diecvs slerpu no mure. aedibyiagquent towsay qcaendk .oe xeartakhp bnd thetrhousagd nafural khocks.
gen: 87 fit: 199 mean: 186.73 chromo: ko ze wnynot ko begthat .s thmsqucstaligjohetheritis n bdgr jm  oe mmnoyto zunfnr. xhe swilbh amdlaobooklop oukasgeousffortunh.aor kodtake arns ngaivnt.a tfaeof troublek and bzyop.lsqng bnd tcen. to dievot dpebpr no mcre. aadibyya wuesb to say gmvendu xge xeartaxhejbnd thegrhousahd nafural  hocks.
gen: 88 fit: 203 mean: 188.13 chromo: ko ze wn not ko be that is ththqumsuoaigjohetherptesrn bmgr jmb he monovto zu fnr. the slilbh amdlarpowklmj oumasgeousffortunh.aor jodtake arjseagaivnt.a tfa of troublek and bzyop.tsqng bnd tcee. to dienot slebpu no mcre..aadiyyya wuejt to say gcvendu xge xeartaxhs bnd thegrhousahd nafural  hocks.
gen: 89 fit: 203 mean: 189.41 chromo: ko ze wn not ko be that is ththqumsuoaigjohetherptesrn bmgr jmb he monovto zu fnr. the slilbh amdlarpowklmj oumasgeousffortunh.aor jodtake arjseagaivnt.a tfa of troublek and bzyop.tsqng bnd tcee. to dienot slebpu no mcre..aadiyyya wuejt to say gcvendu xge xeartaxhs bnd thegrhousahd nafural  hocks.
gen: 90 fit: 203 mean: 190.61 chromo: hogze os not wo be that is thmhq cstanyse.hetherctis nbbdir vy jhe montyto sulfnr. .he klio h dnd arcookvos ouuzlgeousxfortun..qor toztake arjs again tma mfa of trouble  andjbihop.wst g  nd khen. ts dienvt sleapp no msye. aedibyia mvejb to say bcqendx .de xeartauheibnd thetahhusagdknatunal lhocust
gen: 91 fit: 204 mean: 192.01 chromo: ho ze waznotnko bepthat is thtkqucftalysbohetherptis n b.ir vmbjhe monosto suzfnr. .he sliolh and arpook oppoukzvgeousffortunh.aor nodtake ar s againntmabmfa of troubl s and byyop.wsq g bnd thee. ts dfevot xleapr no mcre. aadibyia euee  to say gcvendv xde xeartaxhezdnd thegahbusagd naiurap  hocks.
gen: 92 fit: 207 mean: 193.65 chromo: toqze on not uo be thet  s thknqumstsnisjohetheritis n bmcr gm jue monrvto suzfnr. the sliwlh and arpowkpop ouuzhgeousffortun..aod dbdtake arns xgainntia tfa of troublew and bzyop.tsing  nd thee. to dievvt xleapr noemsre. aedibyya qveeb to s.y gcvendk xge beartakheidnd thegwhousahd raiu al lhoyks.
gen: 93 fit: 207 mean: 194.81 chromo: ho ke on not ko bepthat is thkkqumstanyyeohetheritisen bmirijmb he monrato sunfnr. the sliwbj and arpook oe oukahgeousffortung.uor koztake arxs againnt.a tfa of trouble  and biyop.tsi g bnd tcee. zo dienos dleapu no mc e..aedifyya queet to syy gcaendv age xeartauhe bnd thehdhhusahd nafural  hocks.
gen: 94 fit: 207 mean: 195.95 chromo: hcqze os not wo begthat is thihqumstanrgbxhetheritisgnbb.mr vm lhe m ntyto sulfnr. the swil a amd arpowklop ouygsgeousffortunr.qor jodtake arhs againnt.a tfa ofotnoubles and bzbop.wsinglbnd chee. to dievoj dlebpp noomure. aedibyia evejb to say jyvendk xde xeartakhezund thehrhbusahd natural khocks.
gen: 95 fit: 208 mean: 197.42 chromo: toqke os not ko be that is thmlqcmstsniswohecheritisrn bwgr jy  he montsto sunf r. the slil j and arcoqklop ouuzsgeousxfortunm.qor dojtake arns xgainnt.r rsa of troubles and bfyop.tsqng bnd khee. to diecvt dlebpr no mure. aedhbyia qvejb to say gcqendv .de xeartakhszdnd the.rhousagd naiural khocus.
gen: 96 fit: 210 mean: 198.79 chromo: lo ze os not ko be t at isntei qumstanigsohetherptisrn bmir em jhe montsto suninr. the slio a and arpowk op ouoavgeousxfortun..qor tpdeake arjs again tma mfa of troublek and bfyop.tsi g bnd kcen. ts dievvj slempr no mc e. aadhbyia querb to say qmtendk .ge xeartaxhe dnd thewrhousahd naoural  hocks.
gen: 97 fit: 213 mean: 199.92 chromo: hopze on not .o be that is thmhqumstaligsxhethdrhtisenvbwgr jm lhe monvvto suwfnr. the sliwha and arpookloe oummhgeousxfortunh.qor nojtake arps dgainntia myv of troublew and by op.xscng bnd then. to dievoj sleapr no msre. aedsbyia mneeb te say gcqendk .ge xeartauhe dnd the.dhousagd  afural  hocks.
gen: 98 fit: 214 mean: 201.22 chromo: loqze on not wo be thei is thihqucstsnygsohetherptisgnbb.br em jhe monrvto su fnr. vhq sliwhh and arqowk oe ouumsgeousbfortunm.qor noztake arxs again tma mfa of troubles and by op.tsing bnd then. to dienvj slebpu no mure. axdinyia qcveb to say qcvendv .qe xearxauhe dnd thegrhousahd nafuralakhocks.
gen: 99 fit: 214 mean: 202.69 chromo: loqze on not wo be thei is thihqucstsnygsohetherptisgnbb.br em jhe monrvto su fnr. vhq sliwhh and arqowk oe ouumsgeousbfortunm.qor noztake arxs again tma mfa of troubles and by op.tsing bnd then. to dienvj slebpu no mure. axdinyia qcveb to say qcvendv .qe xearxauhe dnd thegrhousahd nafuralakhocks.
gen: 100 fit: 216 mean: 203.70 chromo: hopze on not wo be that is thmkqumstonygjohecherhtis nvbwgr jm jhe monrkto su fnr. thq sliwba and arqook oe ouumvgeousffortunh.qor tojtake arps againntiasmfa of troubles and byyop.nscng bnd then. to dievvs slerpp no mcre. aedebyia qnee  to say qcaendk .oe xeartakhe dnd the.rhbusagd naiural khocus.
gen: 101 fit: 216 mean: 205.09 chromo: hopze on not wo be that is thmkqumstonygjohecherhtis nvbwgr jm jhe monrkto su fnr. thq sliwba and arqook oe ouumvgeousffortunh.qor tojtake arps againntiasmfa of troubles and byyop.nscng bnd then. to dievvs slerpp no mcre. aedebyia qnee  to say qcaendk .oe xeartakhe dnd the.rhbusagd naiural khocus.
gen: 102 fit: 217 mean: 206.14 chromo: ho ze on not wo be that is thmkqumstanyss.hetheritisenvbdcr jm  he monrvto .uwfnr. the sliwhh and arqowi oe oukmvgeousffortunh.qor kojtake arns againztia tfa of troubles and uyyopktsqng  nd khen. to diejot sleapp no msre. aedibyia qnes  to say gmaendk iqe beartakhe bnd the.rhousahd nafural khocks.
gen: 103 fit: 219 mean: 207.54 chromo: ho ie on not wo be that is thmkqumstonigjxhecheritis nkb.ir jy  he monrsto su fnr. thq sliwba and arqook op ouumvgeousgfortunr.aor todtake arhs againntia mfa of troubles and byyop.tsing bnd teen. to dievot slebrp no mcre. aedebyia qneeb to say qcvendk .de xeartakhe dnd the.rhbusagd natural khocks.
gen: 104 fit: 219 mean: 208.48 chromo: ho ie on not wo be that is thmkqumstonigjxhecheritis nkb.ir jy  he monrsto su fnr. thq sliwba and arqook op ouumvgeousgfortunr.aor todtake arhs againntia mfa of troubles and byyop.tsing bnd teen. to dievot slebrp no mcre. aedebyia qneeb to say qcvendk .de xeartakhe dnd the.rhbusagd natural khocks.
gen: 105 fit: 219 mean: 209.50 chromo: ho ie on not wo be that is thmkqumstonigjxhecheritis nkb.ir jy  he monrsto su fnr. thq sliwba and arqook op ouumvgeousgfortunr.aor todtake arhs againntia mfa of troubles and byyop.tsing bnd teen. to dievot slebrp no mcre. aedebyia qneeb to say qcvendk .de xeartakhe dnd the.rhbusagd natural khocks.
gen: 106 fit: 219 mean: 210.52 chromo: ti ze on not wo be thai is thmsqumstonygszhecheritisenbbwir jmcjhe monrvto suwfnr. the sliwha and arqowk ok oukmvgeousffortun..aor toztake arps againptia mfa of troubles and byyopktsing bnd then. to diecos sleapurno mure. aedebyia qneem to say gmvendk .ge xeartakhe bnd thewahousagd naiural khocks.
gen: 107 fit: 219 mean: 211.53 chromo: ho ze on not wo be that is ththqucstanygwihetheritis nbb.gr jm jhe monryto su f r. vhe slilza and arpookaop ouuasgeouswfortun..qor nodtwke arns xgain tma mfa of troubles and byyop.tsing bnd then. to dievvt sleapu no msre. aedhbyia qveeb to say qcvendv .de xeartauhe dnd thegrhousahd natural  hocks.
gen: 108 fit: 221 mean: 212.33 chromo: ko ze or not ro be that is thmnqumstanygsxhethdrhtis n bsgr jm  he montvto .ulfnr. the sliw j and arpowk op ouuzvgeouskfortunh.qor lodtake arps againntma rfa of troubles and by op.tsqng bnd then. to diecoj slebpp no msre. aedibyia eneeb to say bcdwndk yqe xeartakhe ind the.rhousagd naoural lhocks.
gen: 109 fit: 221 mean: 213.21 chromo: ko ze or not ro be that is thmnqumstanygsxhethdrhtis n bsgr jm  he montvto .ulfnr. the sliw j and arpowk op ouuzvgeouskfortunh.qor lodtake arps againntma rfa of troubles and by op.tsqng bnd then. to diecoj slebpp no msre. aedibyia eneeb to say bcdwndk yqe xeartakhe ind the.rhousagd naoural lhocks.
gen: 110 fit: 222 mean: 214.14 chromo: to ze on not ko be that is thmhqumstolyss.hetheritis n b.gr gm  he montato su fnr. vhe slilhh and arpowk os ouugsgeousffortun..aor novtake arps xgainztia tfa of troubles and byyop.tsing bnd then. to dienos slebpp no mure. aadebyya ecee  to say hcvendk .ge xeartakhe und thedrhousagd naoural  hocks.
gen: 111 fit: 222 mean: 214.96 chromo: hd ze on not wo be that is ththqumstaligwohetheritis nkb.ir hy  he mgnvkto suzf r. the sliw a and arpowk oe ouumvgeousgfortun..aor koztake arjs again t.a tfa of troubles and biyop.tsing bnd then. to dievot sleapp no mxre. aedibyia qnee  to say qfqendk xde xeartakhe dnd thegahousagd natural khocks.
gen: 112 fit: 224 mean: 215.87 chromo: to ze on not wo be that is thmhqumstolygsxhetheritisrnkb.br gy jhe montato suzfnr. the sliwbh and arqowx oe oukmhgeousffortun..aor nodtake arps againzt.a tfa of troubles and by op.nsing bn  then. to dievvs slerpp no mcre. aadibyia qnee  to say qcvendk xge xeartakhe bnd thegrhousagd natural lhocks.
gen: 113 fit: 224 mean: 216.98 chromo: ho ie or not wo be that is thtnqumstonigsohetheritis n bdir jm jhe monrcto sunfnr. the sliwha and arqowk op oukghgeousffortunr.qor todtake arps aqainzt.a mfa of troubles and byyop.tsing bnd then. to dienos slebpp no msre. aadwbyia wneem to say qmaendk .de xeartashe dnd thegrhousahd na ural lhocks.
gen: 114 fit: 225 mean: 217.64 chromo: to ze on not wo be that is thmnqumstolygszhetheritis nbb.gr jm jhe montato su fnr. the sliwbh and arqowi oe oukmlgeousffortung.aor jodtake arns againzt.a tfa of troubles and by op.tsing bnd then. to diecvj sleapp no mxre. aadebyia qnee  to say qcvendk .ge xeartakhe dnd thegdhousagd naiural  hocks.
gen: 115 fit: 225 mean: 218.35 chromo: ho ie on not wo be that is thmhqumstsligsohetheritis n bwir em  he monrcto sunfnr. the sliwla and arpowk op ouuahgeousffortunr.qor todtake arps againzt.a mfa of troubles and byyop.tsing bnd then. to dienot slebpp no msre. aadebyia wneeb to say qctendk .de xeartakhe dnd thegrhousahd natural  hocks.
gen: 116 fit: 226 mean: 219.11 chromo: to ze on not ko be that is thekqumstalifwxhetheriris nvbwbr hh  he monvsto suzf r. the sliwba and arqowx op oukzhgeousxfortun..aor todtake arps againnt.a mfa of troubles and by op.tsing  nd then. to diedos slebpp no msre. aadibyea qnee  to say qmaendu ide xeartakhe dnd theprhousahd na ural lhocks.
gen: 117 fit: 226 mean: 219.72 chromo: to ze on not ko be that is thekqumstalifwxhetheriris nvbwbr hh  he monvsto suzf r. the sliwba and arqowx op oukzhgeousxfortun..aor todtake arps againnt.a mfa of troubles and by op.tsing  nd then. to diedos slebpp no msre. aadibyea qnee  to say qmaendu ide xeartakhe dnd theprhousahd na ural lhocks.
gen: 118 fit: 226 mean: 220.21 chromo: to ge on not ko be that is thmnqumstanyga.hetherptis nkbwgr jm  he monrvto su f r. the slillh and arcowx op ouumsgeovsffortun..qor todtake ar s againzt.a mfa of troubles and by op.tsing bnd then. to dienot sleapy no msre. aedibyia kneeb to say qmvendk .de beartakhe bnd thehrhousagd natural  hocks.
gen: 119 fit: 226 mean: 220.89 chromo: to ze on not ko be that is thekqumstalifwxhetheriris nvbwbr hh  he monvsto suzf r. the sliwba and arqowx op oukzhgeousxfortun..aor todtake arps againnt.a mfa of troubles and by op.tsing  nd then. to diedos slebpp no msre. aadibyea qnee  to say qmaendu ide xeartakhe dnd theprhousahd na ural lhocks.
gen: 120 fit: 227 mean: 221.41 chromo: to ze or not wo be that is thtkqumstanigjxhetheritis n b.gr jm jhe monvvto sulfnr. the sliwba and arqowk op ouymsgeousffortunh.qor kodtake arps againztia tfa of troubles and by op.tsing bnd thee. to dienos sleapp no mcre. aadebyia qneeb to say qcqendu xde xeartakhe bnd the.dhousahd natural  hocks.
gen: 121 fit: 227 mean: 221.87 chromo: to ze on not jo be that is thehqumstsnifwohetheritis n bwbr hh  he monvsto suwfnr. the sliwbh and arqowk op oukmhgeousxfortun..aor todtake arhs againzt.a mfa of troubles and by op.tsing bmd then. to diedos slebpp no mqre. axdibyia evee  to say qcaendu .de xeartakhe dnd theprhousagd natural lhocks.
gen: 122 fit: 228 mean: 222.40 chromo: to ze on not wo be that is thmnqucstsnilpohetherptis nbbwgr hy jhe minrvto suwf r. the slilla and arpowi op oukmhgeousffortunm.qor todtake arjs againntma mfa of troubles and by op.tsing bnd then. to dievos sleapp no mcre. aedibyia qceeb to say qmaendk nde xeartakhe dnd thehrhousagd natural khocks.
gen: 123 fit: 228 mean: 222.92 chromo: to ze on not wo be that is thmnqucstsnilpohetherptis nbbwgr hy jhe minrvto suwf r. the slilla and arpowi op oukmhgeousffortunm.qor todtake arjs againntma mfa of troubles and by op.tsing bnd then. to dievos sleapp no mcre. aedibyia qceeb to say qmaendk nde xeartakhe dnd thehrhousagd natural khocks.
gen: 124 fit: 228 mean: 223.50 chromo: to ze on not wo be that is thmnqucstsnilpohetherptis nbbwgr hy jhe minrvto suwf r. the slilla and arpowi op oukmhgeousffortunm.qor todtake arjs againntma mfa of troubles and by op.tsing bnd then. to dievos sleapp no mcre. aedibyia qceeb to say qmaendk nde xeartakhe dnd thehrhousagd natural khocks.
gen: 125 fit: 229 mean: 223.81 chromo: ho ie or not ko be that is thekqu.stanjssohetheritis nvb.br jm jhe minrsto su f r. the slilhh and arqowk op ouumhgeousffortunm.qor todtake arps again tma mya of troubles and by op.tsing bnd thee. to diedvj sleapy no mcre. aedibyia qveeb to say gmaendv xge xeartakhe bnd thepdhousahd natural khocks.
gen: 126 fit: 229 mean: 224.30 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thehquhstanigsohetheritis nvb.ir gy  he monvkto suzfnr. the slilbh and arqowx oe oukesgeousxfortun..qor todtake ar s againzt.a vfa of troubles and by op.tsing bnd then. to dievos sleapt no mqre. aedibyea qvee  to say gmtendk .ge xeartakhe dnd thegrhousahd natural khocks.
gen: 127 fit: 229 mean: 224.74 chromo: to ie or not wo be that is tqehquystanysjxhetheritis nvbwir hm jhe monv to suzfnr. the sliwba and arcowk op oukzhgeousffortunm.qor todtake ar s againnt.a mfa of troubles and by op.tsing bnd then. to dievos slebpp no mcre. aadibyia mvee  to say gcvendx xge xeartakhe dnd the.rhousahd natural ihocks.
gen: 128 fit: 229 mean: 225.08 chromo: ho ie or not ko be that is thenqumstanigwohetheritis nvb.br gy  he minvkto suwfnr. the sliwlh and arcowk oe oukesgeousxfortung.qor toztake arns againzt.a vfa of troubles and by op.tsing bnd then. to diedos sleapp no msre. aadibyia qvee  to say gcvendk .de xeartakhe dnd thegrhousahd natural lhocks.
gen: 129 fit: 229 mean: 225.54 chromo: to ie on not ko be that is thenqumstaayseohetheritis nbbwir jh  he minvvto suzfnr. the sliwbh and arqows oe ouumsgeousgfortun..qor todtake arxs againnt.a mfa of trpubles and by opktsing bnd then. to dienot sleapp no msre. aedebyia ecee  to say qcqendk nge yeartakhe dnd thegrhousahd natural khocks.
gen: 130 fit: 230 mean: 225.81 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thenqumstanigwohetheritis nbb.br gy jhe minvvto suwfnr. the sliwla and arpowk op oukmsgeousxfortung.aor tojtake arns againztia vfa of troubles and by op.tsing bnd then. to dievos sleapr no mure. aadibyia mneeb to say qcqendv .qe xeartakhe bnd thegdhousagd natural lhocks.
gen: 131 fit: 230 mean: 226.10 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thehquhstsnisexhetheritis n bsmr gh  he minvvto suzf r. the sliwlh and arcowk ok ouumsgeousffortung.aor tojtake ar s againnt.a mfa of troubles and by opktsing  nd then. to dievos sleapr no mcre. aedebyia cnee  to say qcdendu xge xeartakhe dnd thegrhousahd natural khocks.
gen: 132 fit: 230 mean: 226.29 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thehqu.stsnifsohetheritis nbbwir hm  he mont to sulfnr. the sliwba and arcowx oe ouuzsgeousxfortun..qor todtake ar s againnt.a mfa of troubles and by op.tsing bnd then. to dienoj sleapy no msre. aedebyia qveeb to say nctendk xge xeartakhe dnd thedrhousahd natural khocks.
gen: 133 fit: 230 mean: 226.54 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thehqu.stsnifsohetheritis nbbwir hm  he mont to sulfnr. the sliwba and arcowx oe ouuzsgeousxfortun..qor todtake ar s againnt.a mfa of troubles and by op.tsing bnd then. to dienoj sleapy no msre. aedebyia qveeb to say nctendk xge xeartakhe dnd thedrhousahd natural khocks.
gen: 134 fit: 230 mean: 226.86 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thesquystslisszhetheritis nbbwbr jh jhe minvvto suzfnr. the sliwla and arqowx oe ouumhgeouswfortunr.qor todtake ar s againnt.a mfa of troubles and by op.tsing  nd then. to diecoj sleapr no msre. aedibyia qnee  to say qftendk xge xeartakhe dnd thegrhousagd natural khocks.
gen: 135 fit: 230 mean: 227.06 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thehquhstanigpohetheritis nbbwir jm  he minrsto su f r. the sliwhh and ar.owk op oukzhgeousbfortunm.qor todtake arps againntma mfa of troubles and by op.tsing bnd then. to diecvt sleapy no msre. aedibyia qveem to say qmaendk xge xeartakhe dnd the.dhousahd natural khocks.
gen: 136 fit: 230 mean: 227.25 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thesqumstsnygsohetheritis nvb.ir jm  he minv to suwfnr. the sliwba and arqowx oe ouuzsgeousxfortun..aor todtake ar s againntia mfa of trpubles and by op.xsing bnd then. to diecos sleapp no msre. aedebyia qcee  to say nftendk nde xeartakhe dnd thenrhousahd natural khocks.
gen: 137 fit: 231 mean: 227.44 chromo: to ze or not wo be that is thehqumstsnyssohetheritis nbb.gr jh  he minv to sulfnr. the sliwhh and arqowk op oubasgeousxfortung.qor todtake ar s againntma mfa of trpubles and by op.vsing  nd then. to diecos slebpp no msre. aadibyia qveeb to say gcqendu xde xeartakhe bnd thegthousahd natural khocks.
gen: 138 fit: 231 mean: 227.65 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thesqumstslyssohetheritis n bwgr jh  he minv to sulfnr. the sliwha and arqowx op ouuasgeousxfortun..qor todtake ar s againntia mfa of trpubles and by op.tsing  nd then. to diecos sleapr no msre. aadibyia qvee  to say gcqendu xde xeartakhe dnd thegthousahd natural khocks.
gen: 139 fit: 232 mean: 227.93 chromo: to ie or not wo be that is thevqumstslisexhetheritis nvb.ir gm  he minv to sulfnr. the slilha and arqowx op ouuasgeousxfortun..qor tojtake ar s againntma mfa of troubles and by op.xsing  nd then. to dienos sleapr no msre. aadebyia qvee  to say gmtendu xde xeartakhe dnd the.thousahd natural lhocks.
gen: 140 fit: 232 mean: 228.09 chromo: to ie or not wo be that is thevqumstslisexhetheritis nvb.ir gm  he minv to sulfnr. the slilha and arqowx op ouuasgeousxfortun..qor tojtake ar s againntma mfa of troubles and by op.xsing  nd then. to dienos sleapr no msre. aadebyia qvee  to say gmtendu xde xeartakhe dnd the.thousahd natural lhocks.
gen: 141 fit: 232 mean: 228.26 chromo: to ie or not wo be that is thevqumstslisexhetheritis nvb.ir gm  he minv to sulfnr. the slilha and arqowx op ouuasgeousxfortun..qor tojtake ar s againntma mfa of troubles and by op.xsing  nd then. to dienos sleapr no msre. aadebyia qvee  to say gmtendu xde xeartakhe dnd the.thousahd natural lhocks.
gen: 142 fit: 232 mean: 228.38 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thehqumstaligpohetheritis nkbwir jy  he minv to su fnr. the slilba and arpows op ouumhgeouswfortun..aor todtake ar s againntia cfa of troubles and by op.tsing bnd then. to diejot slebpp no mcre. aedebyia eceeb to say gmdendu nde xeartakhe bnd thedahousagd natural khocks.
gen: 143 fit: 232 mean: 228.65 chromo: to ze or not wo be that is thehqumstsnysjohetheritis nbb.br hp  he minvvto sunfnr. the slilba and arqowk oj oubgageousffortun..aor tojtake arps againptoa mya of troubles and by op.tsing tnd thee. to dienvt sleapp no mure. aedebyia qneeb to say gfaendx xde xeartakhe dnd thepthousagd natural ihocks.
gen: 144 fit: 232 mean: 228.84 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thesqumstslyssxhetheritis nzbwgr hm  he minv to sunfnr. the sliwba and arpowk oe ouuzhgeousxfortunr.qor todtake arns againnt.a mfa of troubles and by opktsing bnd then. to dievos sleapy no msre. aedibyia qnee  to say gftendx xde xeartaxhe dnd thetthousagd natural khocks.
gen: 145 fit: 233 mean: 229.22 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thehquystsligpxhetheritis nbbsgr hh  he mind to suzfnr. the sliwha and arpows oj oukmhgeousxfortung.aor todtake ar s againzt.a mfa of troubles and by op.nsing bnd then. to dienvt sleapp no mqre. aedibyia qcee  to say qmtendu xde xeartakhe dnd thenrhousahd natural khocks.
gen: 146 fit: 233 mean: 229.49 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thekqumstkiigeometheritis nvbwir hp  he minr to su fnr. the sliwbh and arqows oj ouuaageousbfortunr.aor tojtake arps again tia mfa of troubles and by opktsing bnd then. to dievvt sleapr no msre. aedebyia qnee  to say gfaendx xwe xeartakhe bnd thepthousahd natural lhocks.
gen: 147 fit: 233 mean: 229.70 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thekqumstkiigeohetheritis nvbsir hp  he minv to su f r. the sliwbh and arqows oj ouuahgeousxfortun..aor tojtake arps again tia cfa of troubles and by opktsing bnd then. to dievvt sleapr no mcre. aedebyia enee  to say gcaendx xge xeartakhe bnd the.thousagd natural lhocks.
gen: 148 fit: 233 mean: 229.92 chromo: to ie or not wo be that is thesqumstsnissohetherftis nbbwmr gq  he minv to sulfnr. the sliwha and arcows oe ouuzageousffortunr.aor tojtake ar s againntma mfa of troubles and by opktsing bnd thee. to dienvt slebpr no msre. aedebyia qceeb to say qmvendk xge xeartakhe bnd the.rhousahd natural  hocks.
gen: 149 fit: 233 mean: 230.20 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thesqumstalisjohetheritis nvbwir gm jhe minr to su fnr. the sliwba and arcows op oukmhgeouswfortunr.aor todtake ar s againnt.a mfa of troubles and by op.tsing  nd then. to dievot slebpr no msre. aadebyia eneeb to say gmaendu xge xeartakhe dnd the.thousahd natural khocks.
gen: 150 fit: 234 mean: 230.42 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thevqumstknigsxhetheritis nvbsgr hm jhe mind to sulf r. the slilbj and arpows op oukmageousgfortunr.aor todtake ar s againntia mfa of troubles and by opktsing bnd then. to dienvt sleapp no mqre. aedibyia cvee  to say qmvendk .de meartauhe dnd theprhousahd natural khocks.
gen: 151 fit: 234 mean: 230.57 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thevqumstknigsxhetheritis nvbsgr hm jhe mind to sulf r. the slilbj and arpows op oukmageousgfortunr.aor todtake ar s againntia mfa of troubles and by opktsing bnd then. to dienvt sleapp no mqre. aedibyia cvee  to say qmvendk .de meartauhe dnd theprhousahd natural khocks.
gen: 152 fit: 234 mean: 230.75 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thehquystanigsxhetheritis nvbsgr hm jhe mind to sulfnr. the slilbj and ar.ows op ouumvgeousgfortunr.aor todtake ar s againntia mfa of troubles and by op.tsing  nd then. to dienvt sleapp no msre. aedibyia cvee  to say qeqendk .de meartauhe dnd theprhousahd natural rhocks.
gen: 153 fit: 236 mean: 230.89 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thekqumstslispohetheritis n b.ir gm  he minv to suwfnr. the sliwba and arpows op oukmageousffortun..qor todtake ar s againntia mea of troubles and by opktsing bnd then. to dievot sleapp no mcre. aedibyya kneem to say gcaend. nge xeartakhe dnd thetthousagd natural khocks.
gen: 154 fit: 236 mean: 231.14 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thekqumstslispohetheritis n b.ir gm  he minv to suwfnr. the sliwba and arpows op oukmageousffortun..qor todtake ar s againntia mea of troubles and by opktsing bnd then. to dievot sleapp no mcre. aedibyya kneem to say gcaend. nge xeartakhe dnd thetthousagd natural khocks.
gen: 155 fit: 236 mean: 231.21 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thekqumstslispohetheritis n b.ir gm  he minv to suwfnr. the sliwba and arpows op oukmageousffortun..qor todtake ar s againntia mea of troubles and by opktsing bnd then. to dievot sleapp no mcre. aedibyya kneem to say gcaend. nge xeartakhe dnd thetthousagd natural khocks.
gen: 156 fit: 236 mean: 231.40 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thekqumstslispohetheritis n b.ir gm  he minv to suwfnr. the sliwba and arpows op oukmageousffortun..qor todtake ar s againntia mea of troubles and by opktsing bnd then. to dievot sleapp no mcre. aedibyya kneem to say gcaend. nge xeartakhe dnd thetthousagd natural khocks.
gen: 157 fit: 236 mean: 231.85 chromo: to ie or not wo be that is thenqumstaligpohetheritis nbbsbr gm jhe mind to su fnr. the sliwba and arcows oj ouumageousbfortunm.qor tostake arms againnt.a mfa of troubles and by opktsing bnd then. to dienvt sleapy no mcre. aedebyya eceem to say qmaendk nde xeartakhe dnd thenthousa.d natural  hocks.
gen: 158 fit: 239 mean: 232.11 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thesquystklisjxhetheritis n bsgr gy  he mind to sunfnr. the slinba and arcows oe ouumageousbfortung.aor todtake arms againnt.a mfa of troubles and by op.osing bnd then. to dienoj sleepp no mcre. aedebyia qceeb to say qcqendk ide xeartaxhe dnd the.thousahd natural khocks.
gen: 159 fit: 239 mean: 232.35 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thesquystklisjxhetheritis n bsgr gy  he mind to sunfnr. the slinba and arcows oe ouumageousbfortung.aor todtake arms againnt.a mfa of troubles and by op.osing bnd then. to dienoj sleepp no mcre. aedebyia qceeb to say qcqendk ide xeartaxhe dnd the.thousahd natural khocks.
gen: 160 fit: 239 mean: 232.66 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thesquystklisjxhetheritis n bsgr gy  he mind to sunfnr. the slinba and arcows oe ouumageousbfortung.aor todtake arms againnt.a mfa of troubles and by op.osing bnd then. to dienoj sleepp no mcre. aedebyia qceeb to say qcqendk ide xeartaxhe dnd the.thousahd natural khocks.
gen: 161 fit: 239 mean: 233.11 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thesquystklisjxhetheritis n bsgr gy  he mind to sunfnr. the slinba and arcows oe ouumageousbfortung.aor todtake arms againnt.a mfa of troubles and by op.osing bnd then. to dienoj sleepp no mcre. aedebyia qceeb to say qcqendk ide xeartaxhe dnd the.thousahd natural khocks.
gen: 162 fit: 239 mean: 233.38 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thesquystklisjxhetheritis n bsgr gy  he mind to sunfnr. the slinba and arcows oe ouumageousbfortung.aor todtake arms againnt.a mfa of troubles and by op.osing bnd then. to dienoj sleepp no mcre. aedebyia qceeb to say qcqendk ide xeartaxhe dnd the.thousahd natural khocks.
gen: 163 fit: 239 mean: 233.65 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thesquystklisjxhetheritis n bsgr gy  he mind to sunfnr. the slinba and arcows oe ouumageousbfortung.aor todtake arms againnt.a mfa of troubles and by op.osing bnd then. to dienoj sleepp no mcre. aedebyia qceeb to say qcqendk ide xeartaxhe dnd the.thousahd natural khocks.
gen: 164 fit: 240 mean: 234.03 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thesquystkligsxhetheritis n bsgr gy  he mind to suzfnr. the slinba and arpows op ouumageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againnt.a mea of troubles and by op.osing tnd then. to dienot sleept no msre. aedebyia qvee  to say ncaendk ide xeartakhe bnd the.thousagd natural khocks.
gen: 165 fit: 241 mean: 234.30 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thesqumstsligjxhetheritis n bsir jm  he mind to suzfnr. the slinbh and arpows op ouumageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing tnd then. to dievot sleepr no mcre. aedebyia qveeb to say neaendk ide xeartakhe bnd the.thousagd natural khocks.
gen: 166 fit: 241 mean: 234.72 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thesqumstsligjxhetheritis n bsir jm  he mind to suzfnr. the slinbh and arpows op ouumageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing tnd then. to dievot sleepr no mcre. aedebyia qveeb to say neaendk ide xeartakhe bnd the.thousagd natural khocks.
gen: 167 fit: 241 mean: 235.16 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thesqumstsligjxhetheritis n bsir jm  he mind to suzfnr. the slinbh and arpows op ouumageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing tnd then. to dievot sleepr no mcre. aedebyia qveeb to say neaendk ide xeartakhe bnd the.thousagd natural khocks.
gen: 168 fit: 241 mean: 235.55 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thesqumstkligsxhetheritis n bsgr hm  he mind to su fnr. the slinba and arpows op ouumageousgfortunr.aor tostake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing bnd then. to diecvt sleept no msre. aedebyia evee  to say qeqendk ide xeartakhe bnd the.thousahd natural khocks.
gen: 169 fit: 241 mean: 236.11 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thesqumstsligjxhetheritis n bsir jm  he mind to suzfnr. the slinbh and arpows op ouumageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing tnd then. to dievot sleepr no mcre. aedebyia qveeb to say neaendk ide xeartakhe bnd the.thousagd natural khocks.
gen: 170 fit: 241 mean: 236.68 chromo: to ze or not wo be that is thekquystkligwzhetheritis nbbsbr hm  he mind to sunfnr. the slinha and ar.ows op oukmageousxfortunr.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by opkxsing bnd them. to diecot sleepp no mcre. aedpbyia qveeb to say geaendk ide xeartakhe dnd thetthousahd natural khocks.
gen: 171 fit: 241 mean: 237.10 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thesqumstsligjxhetheritis n bsir jm  he mind to suzfnr. the slinbh and arpows op ouumageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing tnd then. to dievot sleepr no mcre. aedebyia qveeb to say neaendk ide xeartakhe bnd the.thousagd natural khocks.
gen: 172 fit: 242 mean: 237.62 chromo: to fe or not ko be that is thehquhstsligjohetheritis n bsgr im  he mind to su fir. the slinhh and arpows op ouumageousbfortunr.aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing tnd then. to dievot sleepp no mcre. aedibyia qcee  to say qevendk ide xeartakhe bnd thetthousagd natural  hocks.
gen: 173 fit: 242 mean: 238.01 chromo: to fe or not ko be that is thehquhstsligjohetheritis n bsgr im  he mind to su fir. the slinhh and arpows op ouumageousbfortunr.aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing tnd then. to dievot sleepp no mcre. aedibyia qcee  to say qevendk ide xeartakhe bnd thetthousagd natural  hocks.
gen: 174 fit: 242 mean: 238.37 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thesqumstanygexhetheritis n bsbr im jhe mind to suofnr. the slinba and arpows op oubgageousbfortun..aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing  nd then. to dievvj sleepp no msre. aedibyia qcee  to say qevendk ige xeartaxhe dnd thepthousahd natural khocks.
gen: 175 fit: 243 mean: 238.70 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thehqumstkligjohetheritis n b.ir ip  he mind to su fnr. the slinbh and arpows op oukzageousgfortung.aor toztake arws againnt.a mea of troubles and by op.osing bnd then. to diecoo sleepp no msre. aedebyva kceem to say qetendu xde xeartakhe dnd thegthousagd natural  hocks.
gen: 176 fit: 243 mean: 238.94 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thehquystonigsxhetheritis nvbwgr gh  he mint to su f r. the slinha and arpows op oukmageousgfortung.aor toztake arms againnt.a mea of troubles and by opkosing bnd then. to diecos sleepp no mxre. aedibyia cveeb to say qeaend. xge meartakhe bnd thegthousagd natural shocks.
gen: 177 fit: 243 mean: 239.17 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thesquystonigsxhetheritis n b.gr ih  he mind to su f r. the slinhh and arqows op oukmageousxfortung.aor toztake arms againnt.a mea of troubles and by opkosing bnd then. to diecvt sleept no mcre. abdibyia cnee  to say qeaendk nde yeartauhe und thetthousagd natural shocks.
gen: 178 fit: 243 mean: 239.52 chromo: to we or not ko be that is thesqumstklissxhetheritis n bwbr iy jhe mind to sulfnr. the slinbh and arpows op ouumageousxfortun..aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing tnd then. to dievot sleepp no msre. aedebyia qneeb to say qeaend. xde xeartakhe bnd thetthousahd natural ihocks.
gen: 179 fit: 243 mean: 239.80 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thesquhstolygjxhetheritis n bsgr is  he mind to su fir. nhe slinha and arpows op outmageousxfortunr.aor toztake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing tnd then. to dienvt sleepr no mcre. aedibyia cveeb to say neqend. xge xeartakhe dnd the.thousagd natural  hocks.
gen: 180 fit: 244 mean: 240.08 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thehquystsnygjohetheritis n bsbr im  he mind to suzfnr. the slin a and arqows op oukmageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms again tia mea of troubles and by op.osing bnd then. to dienoo sleepr no mcre. aadibyia qnee  to say nevendk ige xeartakhe bnd thepthousagd natural shocks.
gen: 181 fit: 244 mean: 240.33 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thesquystanigjohetheritis n bsir ip  he mind to suzfir. the slinba and arpows op ouuxageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againztia mea of troubles and by op.osing bnd then. to dienoo sleepr no mcre. aadpbyia cvee  to say qevend. nge xeartaxhe bnd the.thousahd natural khocks.
gen: 182 fit: 244 mean: 240.52 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thehquystwlisjxhetheritis nvb.ir iy jhe mind to suofnr. the slinhh and arcows op ouumageousffortuny.aor todtake arms againztia mea of troubles and by op.osing  nd then. to dienot sleept no mcre. aedebyia kneeb to say qeaend. ide meartakhe dnd the.thousagd natural ihocks.
gen: 183 fit: 246 mean: 240.77 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thesqumstkligjohetheritis nbbsgr im  he mind to suzfnr. the slinba and arpows op ouuxageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againztia mea of troubles and by op.osing bnd them. to diecoo sleepp no mcre. aedibyia cvee  to say aevend. nge xeartakhe dnd thetthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 184 fit: 246 mean: 241.20 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thesqumstkligjohetheritis nbbsgr im  he mind to suzfnr. the slinba and arpows op ouuxageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againztia mea of troubles and by op.osing bnd them. to diecoo sleepp no mcre. aedibyia cvee  to say aevend. nge xeartakhe dnd thetthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 185 fit: 246 mean: 241.61 chromo: to we or not ko be that is thekqumstknigeohetheritis nzbsir ip jhe mind to suzfnr. the slinbh and arpows op oukxageousgfortung.aor todtake arms againnt.a mea of troubles and by op.osing bnd them. to dievoo sleepp no mcre. aedibyia cceeb to say aevend. nge xeartauhe dnd thetthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 186 fit: 246 mean: 241.89 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thesqumstkligjohetheritis nbbsgr im  he mind to suzfnr. the slinba and arpows op ouuxageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againztia mea of troubles and by op.osing bnd them. to diecoo sleepp no mcre. aedibyia cvee  to say aevend. nge xeartakhe dnd thetthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 187 fit: 246 mean: 242.21 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thehquqstkligjxhetheritis nbbsir iy  he mind to suwfnr. the slinbh and arpows op oukmageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms again tia mea of troubles and by op.osing bnd theg. to dievto sleepp no mcre. aedebyia cneeb to say qeaend. xge meartakhe bnd the.thousagd natural khocks.
gen: 188 fit: 246 mean: 242.40 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquystknigjohetheritis nvbsbr im  he mind to suofir. the slinhh and arpows op outmageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing bnd thee. to dienoo sleept no mcre. aedebyia eveeb to say nevendk nde meartakhe dnd thegthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 189 fit: 247 mean: 242.74 chromo: to ie or not ko be that is thehqumstkligjohetheritis n bsgr im  he mind to suzfnr. the slinhh and arpows opxouuzageouswfortun..aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing tnd them. to diento sleepp no mure. aedebyia cveeb to say weaend. nde xeartakhe tnd thepthousagd natural shocks.
gen: 190 fit: 247 mean: 243.12 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesqumstsligpxhetheritis n bsgr im  he mind to suzfir. the slinha and arpows op outmageouswfortunr.qor toztake arms againntma mea of troubles and by opkosing end then. to diecvo sleept no mure. aexibyia eceeb to say nevend. xge xeartakhe dnd thetthousagd natural shocks.
gen: 191 fit: 248 mean: 243.34 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquhstwligjohetheritis n bsbr im  he mind to suof r. the slinbh and arqows op outgageousgfortung.aor todtake arms again tma mea of troubles and by op.osing  nd them. to dienoo sleepp no msre. aedebyia ccee  to say netend. nde xeartakhe bnd thetthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 192 fit: 248 mean: 243.59 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thenquystkligjohetheritis n b.ir iy  he mind to su fnr. the slinhh and arqows oe ouumageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againnt.a mea of troubles and by op.osing bnd them. to diecto sleepr no msre. andebyia ccee  to say nevend. nge xeartaxhe tnd the.thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 193 fit: 249 mean: 243.98 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquystkligjohetheritis nbbwir iy  he mind to sunfir. the slinhh and arqows op ouumageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againnt.a mea of troubles and by op.osing bnd them. to diecto sleepr no mxre. andebyia enee  to say neaend. nge xeartaxhe dnd the.thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 194 fit: 249 mean: 244.16 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquystkligjohetheritis nbbwir iy  he mind to sunfir. the slinhh and arqows op ouumageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againnt.a mea of troubles and by op.osing bnd them. to diecto sleepr no mxre. andebyia enee  to say neaend. nge xeartaxhe dnd the.thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 195 fit: 249 mean: 244.54 chromo: to ze or not ko be that is thesquhstsligjzhetheritis n bsir iy  he mind to sunfir. the slinhh and arqows op ounmageousgfortung.qor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepr no mcre. andebyia ccee  to say nevend. nge xeartaxhe dnd the.thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 196 fit: 249 mean: 244.91 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquystkligjohetheritis nbbwir iy  he mind to sunfir. the slinhh and arqows op ouumageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againnt.a mea of troubles and by op.osing bnd them. to diecto sleepr no mxre. andebyia enee  to say neaend. nge xeartaxhe dnd the.thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 197 fit: 249 mean: 245.15 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquystaligjxhetheritis nbbsir im  he mind to suzf r. the slinhh and arpows op ouumageousbfortunr.aor todtake arms againnt.a mea of troubles and by op.osing tnd them. to diento sleepp no mxre. andebyia ecee  to say nevend. ige xeartaxhe dnd the.thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 198 fit: 250 mean: 245.44 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquhstkliseohetheritis n b.gr ih  he mind to suzfhr. the slinhh and arqows op ouumageousxfortun..aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepr no msre. andibyia ccee  to say neaend. nge xeartakhe bnd the.thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 199 fit: 250 mean: 245.70 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenqumstkligjxhetheritis nbbsir iy  he mind to suzf r. the slinbh and arpows op outmageousbfortunr.aor todtake arms againnt.a mea of troubles and by op.osing bnd them. to dievto sleepp no mcre. andebyia ccee  to say nevend. ige xeartakhe dnd thegthousagd natural shocks.
gen: 200 fit: 250 mean: 245.91 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thehqumstknigjohetheritis n b.gr im  he mind to suof r. the slinhr and ar.ows op outzageousffortung.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing bnd them. to dievto sleepr no msre. aedebyia cveeb to say wevend. nge xeartaxhe tnd thetthousagd natural shocks.
gen: 201 fit: 250 mean: 246.29 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquhstkliseohetheritis n b.gr ih  he mind to suzfhr. the slinhh and arqows op ouumageousxfortunj.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepr no msre. andibyia ccee  to say neaend. nge xeartakhe bnd the.thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 202 fit: 250 mean: 246.50 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesqumstkligjxhetheritis n bwir ip  he mind to sunf r. the slinbh and arpows op outmageousxfortung.aor todtake arms againnt.a mea of troubles and by op.osing tnd them. to dievto sleepp no mxre. andebyia cceeb to say qeaend. ige xeartakhe dnd thegthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 203 fit: 250 mean: 246.89 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thehquhstklisjzhetheritis n b.gr im  he mind to sunf r. the slinha and ar.ows op ouumageousbfortun..aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepr no mcre. andibyia cnee  to say gevend. ige xeartakhe tnd the.thousagd natural shocks.
gen: 204 fit: 250 mean: 247.21 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquhstsnigjxhetheritis nbbsgr iy  he mind to suzf r. the slinba and arpows op outmageousgfortunr.qor todtake arms againztma mea of troubles and by op.osing bnd them. to diecto sleepp no mqre. andebyia qneeb to say qevend. nge xeartakhe dnd thepthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 205 fit: 251 mean: 247.53 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thevqumstkligjxhetheritis n bsbr iy jhe mind to suof r. the slinbh and arpows op ouuzageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againptia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepr no mure. andebyia cneem to say weaend. nge xeartakhe dnd thepthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 206 fit: 251 mean: 247.67 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thehquystslyzuxhetheritis n bsir iy  he mind to suzfhr. the slinhh and arqows op ouqmageousbfortun..aor tojtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepp no mxre. andebyia kveeb to say weaend. nge meartaxhe bnd thezthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 207 fit: 251 mean: 247.98 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thesqumstsligjxhetheritis n bwgr im  he mind to su f r. the slinhh and arpows op outmageouswfortun..aor todtake arms againztia mea of troubles and by op.osing bnd them. to diento sleepp no mqre. andebyia qceet to say wevend. ige meartaxhe dnd thepthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 208 fit: 251 mean: 248.24 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquystsliguohetheritis n bsir iy  he mind to su f r. the slinbh and arpows op ouumageousbfortunr.aor todtake arms againztma mea of troubles and by opcosing end them. to diecto sleepp no mcre. andebyia qceeb to say weaend. ige xeartaxhe dnd thepthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 209 fit: 251 mean: 248.37 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thehquhstkniguxhetheritis n b.ir iy  he mind to su fnr. the slinhh and arqows op outmageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing end bhem. to diento sleepp no mxre. andebyia ccee  to say weaend. ige xeartakhe tnd thepthousagd natural shocks.
gen: 210 fit: 252 mean: 248.52 chromo: to ke or not to be that is thesqumstsligjohetheritis n b.ir im  he mind to suzf r. the slinbh and ar.ows oe outxageousffortuny.aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepr no mcre. anddbyia cceeb to say weaend. nge xeartathe tnd thebthousagd natural shocks.
gen: 211 fit: 252 mean: 248.61 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesqumstsligjxhetheritis n bsir iy  he mind to sunf r. the slinha and arqows op outmageousgfortun..uor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepr no mqre. andebyia qveeb to say weaend. ige xeartakhe bnd thepthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 212 fit: 252 mean: 248.82 chromo: to ke or not to be that is thesqumstsliguohetheritis n b.ir im  he mind to sulf r. the slinhh and ar.ows oe outxageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepr no mure. andibyia eceeb to say weaend. nge xeartathe bnd thebthousagd natural shocks.
gen: 213 fit: 252 mean: 249.11 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquystoliguohetheritis n bwir im  he mind to suofhr. the slinbh and ar.ows op outmageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no msre. andebyia cneeb to say weaend. nge meartaxhe bnd the.thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 214 fit: 252 mean: 249.34 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquystkligjxhetheritis n b.ir iy  he mind to suzf r. the slinha and arpows op outhageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againptma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no mcre. andebyia cceem to say weaend. nge xeartaxhe dnd thegthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 215 fit: 252 mean: 249.52 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquhstknigjxhetheritis n b.ir im  he mind to sulf r. the slinhh and arpows op outfageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againztma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepr no mqre. andebyia cceeb to say weqend. nge xeartakhe dnd thetthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 216 fit: 252 mean: 249.74 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquystkliguohetheritis n bwir im  he mind to suof r. the slinhh and arpows op outmageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againnt.a mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepr no msre. andebyia cceeb to say weaend. nge meartathe tnd thegthousaad natural shocks.
gen: 217 fit: 253 mean: 249.82 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquqstkligjzhetheritis nbbsir im  he mind to suzfnr. the slinga and arqows op outmageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepr no mcre. andebyia qneeb to say wevend. nge xeartaxhe dnd the.thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 218 fit: 253 mean: 249.95 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquystkligjxhetheritis nobsir im  he mind to suzf r. the slinha and arqows op outfageousxfortun..aor todtake arms againztia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no mcre. andebyia cceet to say weaend. nge xeartauhe dnd thetthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 219 fit: 253 mean: 249.97 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquystkligjxhetheritis nobsir im  he mind to suzf r. the slinza and arqows op outfageousxfortun..aor todtake arms againztia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no mcre. andebyia cceet to say weaend. nge xeartauhe dnd thetthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 220 fit: 253 mean: 250.12 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesqumstsligjzhetheritis n bsir ih  he mind to suzfnr. the slingh and arpows op outmageousbfortun..aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepp no mcre. andebyia qneet to say wevend. nge xeartakhe dnd thetthousagd natural shocks.
gen: 221 fit: 253 mean: 250.29 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thehqumstwligjohetheritis n bsir im  he mind to sunf r. the slinhh and arpows op outmageousbfortun..aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepr no mure. andebyia cneeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe dnd thepthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 222 fit: 253 mean: 250.40 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquhstzligjzhetheritis n bsir ih  he mind to suzfnr. the slingh and arqows op outmageousxfortun..aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepr no mxre. andebyia eneet to say wevend. nge xeartakhe dnd thetthousagd natural shocks.
gen: 223 fit: 253 mean: 250.47 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestsligjahetheritis nobsir iy  he mind to suzf r. the slinhh and arpows op outfageousxfortun.daor todtake arms againztia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepr no msre. andebyia cnee  to say weaend. s.e xeartakhe bnd the.thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 224 fit: 254 mean: 250.54 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesqumstsliguohetheritis n bsir im jhe mind to sunf r. the slinga and ar.ows op outxageousffortun..aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no mure. andebyia cceet to say wevend. tge xeartaxhe dnd the.thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 225 fit: 254 mean: 250.66 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquystkliguohetheritis n bsir iy  he mind to sulfnr. the slinga and arqows op outmageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againntma bea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepr no msre. andebyia qneeb to say weqend. nge xeartakhe and thegthousagd natural shocks.
gen: 226 fit: 254 mean: 250.82 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thehqumstkligjohetheritis nobwir im  he mind to sunf r. the slingh and arpows op outhageousgfortunj.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepr no msre. andebyia kneeb to say weqend. nge xeartaxhe vnd thepthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 227 fit: 255 mean: 251.06 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquqstkliguohetheritis n bsir im  he mind to sunf r. the slings and arpows op outmageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no msre. andebyia eceeb to say wevend. tge meartakhe dnd thepthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 228 fit: 255 mean: 251.23 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquqstkliguohetheritis n bsir im  he mind to sunf r. the slings and arpows op outmageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no msre. andebyia eceeb to say wevend. tge meartakhe dnd thepthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 229 fit: 255 mean: 251.29 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquests iguxhetheritis nbb.ir im  he mind to sutf r. the slinba and arpows op outmageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepp no msre. andebyia kneeb to say wevend. tge meartakhe and thetthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 230 fit: 255 mean: 251.45 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestwnigjohetheritis nobsir im  he mind to sunf r. the slingh and ar.ows op outxageousbfortun..aor todtake arms againptma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepp no mxre. andebyia eveeb to say weqend. nge xeartaxhe bnd thegthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 231 fit: 256 mean: 251.70 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquhstkliguohetheritis nobsir im  he mind to sunf r. the slings and ar.ows op outmageousxfortunr.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepp no mqre. andebyia eceeb to say wevend. tge xeartakhe dnd thepthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 232 fit: 256 mean: 251.92 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquhstkliguohetheritis nobsir im  he mind to sunf r. the slings and ar.ows op outmageousxfortunr.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepp no mqre. andebyia eceeb to say wevend. tge xeartakhe dnd thepthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 233 fit: 256 mean: 252.05 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestoniguohetheritis nobsir ix  he mind to sunf r. the slingh and arqows oe outfageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepr no mure. andebyia cneet to say weaend. ige ieartauhe dnd the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 234 fit: 256 mean: 252.35 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquhstkliguohetheritis nobsir im  he mind to sunf r. the slings and ar.ows op outmageousxfortunr.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepp no mqre. andebyia eceeb to say wevend. tge xeartakhe dnd thepthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 235 fit: 256 mean: 252.57 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestoniguohetheritis nobsir ix  he mind to sunf r. the slingh and arqows oe outfageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepr no mure. andebyia cneet to say weaend. ige ieartauhe dnd the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 236 fit: 257 mean: 252.91 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thehqumstoliguxhetheritis nobsir im  he mind to sunf r. the slings and ar.ows op outmageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againztma aea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepr no mure. and byia cceeb to say weaend. tge ieartauhe dnd the.thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 237 fit: 257 mean: 253.16 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thehqumstoliguxhetheritis nobsir im  he mind to sunf r. the slings and ar.ows op outmageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againztma aea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepr no mure. and byia cceeb to say weaend. tge ieartauhe dnd the.thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 238 fit: 258 mean: 253.48 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestsligjohetheritis nobsgr iy  he mind to suzf r. the slings and arpows op outmageousgfortunj.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepr no mcre. andibyma kceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and thepthousagd natural shocks.
gen: 239 fit: 258 mean: 253.75 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestsligjohetheritis nobsgr iy  he mind to suzf r. the slings and arpows op outmageousgfortunj.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepr no mcre. andibyma kceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and thepthousagd natural shocks.
gen: 240 fit: 258 mean: 253.95 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestkligjohetheritis nobsir im  he mind to sunf r. the slinga and ar.ows op outmageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againzt.a mea of troubles and by opcosing end them. to diento sleepp no mqre. andebyia kceeb to say wevend. tge ieartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 241 fit: 258 mean: 254.17 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestoligjohetheritis nobsir iy  he mind to suzf r. the slings and arpows op outfageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againptma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepp no mure. and byia kceeb to say weaend. nge xeartakhe and thepthousagd natural shocks.
gen: 242 fit: 258 mean: 254.44 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thehquestkliguohetheritis nobsir im  he mind to sunf r. the slings and arqows op outmageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by opiosing end them. to diento sleepp no mqre. andebyia kceeb to say wevend. tge ieartakhe and the.thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 243 fit: 258 mean: 254.63 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestkligjohetheritis nobsir ip  he mind to sunfnr. the slinga and ar.ows op outfageousgfortunr.qor todtake arms againztma mea of troubles and by opcosing end them. to diento sleepr no mqre. andebyia kceeb to say weaend. tge meartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 244 fit: 259 mean: 254.80 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestsli.johetheritis nobsir iy  he mind to sunf r. the slings and artows op outxageousxfortunr.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepp no msre. and byia ecee  to say wetend. tge ieartakhe bnd the.thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 245 fit: 259 mean: 255.05 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestsli.johetheritis nobsir iy  he mind to sunf r. the slings and artows op outxageousxfortunr.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepp no msre. and byia ecee  to say wetend. tge ieartakhe bnd the.thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 246 fit: 259 mean: 255.28 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestkli.johetheritis nobsgr ia  he mind to sunfnr. the slings and arqows op outmageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepp no mxre. andibyia dceeb to say weaend. tde xeartakhe and thetthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 247 fit: 260 mean: 255.52 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thevquestkli.uohetheritis nobsgr im  he mind to sunfnr. the slings and artows op outfageousgfortunr.uor todtake arms againptia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no mure. and byia dceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and thezthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 248 fit: 260 mean: 255.79 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestsli.jxhetheritis nobsir im  he mind to suzf r. the slings and ar.ows op outfageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againzt.a mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepp no mqre. andebyia eceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousagd natural shocks.
gen: 249 fit: 260 mean: 256.02 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thevquestkli.uohetheritis nobsgr im  he mind to sunfnr. the slings and artows op outfageousgfortunr.uor todtake arms againptia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no mure. and byia dceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and thezthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 250 fit: 260 mean: 256.18 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestjligjohetheritis nobsir im  he mind to su f r. the slings and ar.ows op outxageoussfortunr.aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op osing end them. to diento sleepr no msre. and byia qceeb to say wevend. tge xeartaxhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 251 fit: 260 mean: 256.45 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestkli.uqhetheritis nobsdr im  he mind to sunf r. the slings and arpows op outmageousbfortunr.aor toztake arms againztma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepr no mqre. and byma dceeb to say weaend. tge ieartauhe and the.thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 252 fit: 260 mean: 256.60 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestjligjohetheritis nobsir im  he mind to su f r. the slings and ar.ows op outxageoussfortunr.aor tottake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op osing end them. to diento sleepr no msre. and byia qceeb to say wevend. tge xeartaxhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 253 fit: 261 mean: 256.87 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestsli. ohetheritis nob.ir im  he mind to sutf r. the slings and artows op outmageousgfortunr.aor toztake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no msre. and byma eceeb to say weqend. tge meartakhe and the.thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 254 fit: 261 mean: 257.09 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestwni.jwhetheritis nobsir im  he mind to sunf r. the slings and arpows op outxageousgfortun..aor toztake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepp no mure. and byia eceeb to say wevend. tge xeartakhe and thetthousagd natural shocks.
gen: 255 fit: 261 mean: 257.38 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestkli.uqhetheritis nobsir im  he mind to suzf r. the slings and artows op outmageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no msre. and byia eceeb to say wevend. tge xeartaxhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 256 fit: 261 mean: 257.67 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestkli.johetheritis nob.ir io  he mind to su f r. the slings and artows op outxageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepr no msre. and byia qceeb to say wevend. tge xeartauhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 257 fit: 262 mean: 257.83 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestkoi.uwhetheritis nobsir im  he mind to su f r. the slings and ar.ows op outmageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againptma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no mxre. and byaa kceeb to say weqend. tge xeartauhe and thezthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 258 fit: 262 mean: 258.09 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestkoi.uwhetheritis nobsir im  he mind to su f r. the slings and ar.ows op outmageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againptma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no mxre. and byaa kceeb to say weqend. tge xeartauhe and thezthousahd natural shocks.
gen: 259 fit: 262 mean: 258.37 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestkli. ohetheritis nobsir im  he mind to su f r. the slings and arpows op outmageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepr no msre. and byia dneeb to say weqend. tge xeartauhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 260 fit: 262 mean: 258.64 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquests i. chetheritis nobsir im  he mind to suzf r. the slings and arpows op outqageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no mqre. and byia eceeb to say weaend. tge ieartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 261 fit: 262 mean: 258.94 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestaoi.uohetheritis nobsir im  he mind to su f r. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no mxre. and byia eneeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 262 fit: 263 mean: 259.19 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestjli. ohetheritis nob.er im  he mind to sunf r. the slings and arpows op outmageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op osing end them. to diento sleepr no mqre. and byia cneeb to say werend. tge ieartaxhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 263 fit: 263 mean: 259.38 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestaoi.johetheritis nobsir im  he mind to suff r. the slings and artows op outxageousgfortunr.aor tojtake arms againptia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no mxre. and byia eceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 264 fit: 263 mean: 259.57 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thehquestkoi.jwhetheritis nobsir im  he mind to su f r. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortunr.aor tojtake arms againptia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no mqre. and byia eneeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 265 fit: 263 mean: 259.65 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestali. qhetheritis nob.er im  he mind to sunf r. the slings and artows op outxageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againnt.a mea of troubles and by op osing end them. to diento sleepr no msre. and byia kceeb to say weaend. tge ieartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 266 fit: 263 mean: 259.79 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestjli. ohetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suzf r. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op osing end them. to diento sleepp no msre. and byia qveec to say weaend. tge ieartauhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 267 fit: 263 mean: 260.04 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestkli. whetheritis nobsdr iy  he mind to su f r. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortun..aor tootake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepp no mqre. and byia eceec to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 268 fit: 264 mean: 260.25 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestjoi. whetheritis nobsgr iy  he mind to su fhr. the slings and artows op outxageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no msre. and byia kceeb to say weaend. tde xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 269 fit: 265 mean: 260.44 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestwoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suzfhr. the slings and arpows op outxageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepr no mxre. and byia kneeb to say weaend. tge ieartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 270 fit: 265 mean: 260.62 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestwoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to su fnr. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op osing end them. to diecto sleepr no mxre. and byia eneeb to say weaend. tge ieartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 271 fit: 265 mean: 260.88 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestwoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to su fnr. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op osing end them. to diecto sleepr no mxre. and byia eneeb to say weaend. tge ieartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 272 fit: 265 mean: 261.02 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to su f r. the slings and arpows op outxageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepr no msre. and byia cceeb to say weaend. tge ieartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 273 fit: 265 mean: 261.16 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to su f r. the slings and arpows op outxageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepr no msre. and byia cceeb to say weaend. tge ieartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 274 fit: 265 mean: 261.47 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestjoy. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to su fhr. the slings and arpows op outmageousxfortun..aor todtake arms againnt.a mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepr no mqre. and byia cceeb to say weaend. tge ieartakhe and the thousagd natural shocks.
gen: 275 fit: 265 mean: 261.66 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestwoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to su fnr. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op osing end them. to diecto sleepr no mxre. and byia eneeb to say weaend. tge ieartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 276 fit: 265 mean: 261.86 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestkoi. whetheritis nob.er if  he mind to suzf r. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortunr.aor tottake arms againnt.a mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepr no mqre. and byia cceeb to say weaend. tge ieartaxhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 277 fit: 265 mean: 261.93 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestaoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to su f r. the slings and artows op outxageousxfortun..aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no mqre. and byia eneeb to say weaend. tge ieartaxhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 278 fit: 266 mean: 262.09 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suff r. the slings and arpows op outxageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepr no mqre. and byia eceeb to say weaend. tge xeartaxhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 279 fit: 266 mean: 262.26 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestwoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suff r. the slings and ar.ows op outmageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepp no mqre. and byia qceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 280 fit: 266 mean: 262.53 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestwoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suff r. the slings and ar.ows op outmageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepp no mqre. and byia qceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 281 fit: 266 mean: 262.68 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestwoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suff r. the slings and ar.ows op outmageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepp no mqre. and byia qceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 282 fit: 266 mean: 262.93 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestwoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suff r. the slings and ar.ows op outmageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepp no mqre. and byia qceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 283 fit: 266 mean: 263.08 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestsoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffhr. the slings and arpows op outmageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againztma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepr no mqre. and byia eceeb to say weaend. tge xeartaxhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 284 fit: 266 mean: 263.40 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestkoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffnr. the slings and arpows op outmageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no mqre. and byia eceeb to say weaend. tge ieartakhe and the thousagd natural shocks.
gen: 285 fit: 266 mean: 263.44 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestsoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suff r. the slings and ar.ows op outmageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepr no mqre. and byia qceeb to say weqend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 286 fit: 266 mean: 263.52 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestaoi. whetheritis nobser if  he mind to suff r. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepr no mqre. and byia eceeb to say werend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 287 fit: 266 mean: 263.76 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestwoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suff r. the slings and arpows op outmageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no mqre. and byia eceeb to say weqend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 288 fit: 266 mean: 263.92 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suff r. the slings and artows op outmageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againnt.a mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepr no mqre. and byia qneeb to say weqend. tge ieartaxhe and the thousagd natural shocks.
gen: 289 fit: 266 mean: 264.12 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestwoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suff r. the slings and ar.ows op outmageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againptma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepp no mcre. and byia kceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousagd natural shocks.
gen: 290 fit: 267 mean: 264.28 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestwoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outyageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepp no mqre. and byia qceeb to say weaend. tge xeartauhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 291 fit: 267 mean: 264.35 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestjo . whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suff r. the slings and artows op outxageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againpt.a mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepp no more. and byia cneeb to say weaend. tge meartaxhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 292 fit: 267 mean: 264.45 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestwoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outyageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againptia mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepp no mqre. and byia qceeb to say weqend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 293 fit: 267 mean: 264.43 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestwoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffhr. the slings and arpows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againnt.a qea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepp no msre. and byia qceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 294 fit: 267 mean: 264.43 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjod. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suff r. the slings and ar.ows op outmageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againptma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepp no more. and byia cceeb to say wetend. tge meartakhe and the thousagd natural shocks.
gen: 295 fit: 267 mean: 264.49 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestsoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arqows op outmageousgfortunr.aor todtake arms againntoa mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepr no msre. and byia oceeb to say weaend. tge meartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 296 fit: 267 mean: 264.63 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestwoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outmageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepp no mqre. and byia kneeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 297 fit: 268 mean: 264.68 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestsoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op osing end them. to diecto sleepp no more. and byia cceeb to say weaend. tge meartakhe and the thousagd natural shocks.
gen: 298 fit: 268 mean: 264.81 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestsoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op osing end them. to diecto sleepp no more. and byia cceeb to say weaend. tge meartakhe and the thousagd natural shocks.
gen: 299 fit: 268 mean: 264.91 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and artows op outxageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepp no more. and byia eceeb to say weaend. tge meartakhe and the thousagd natural shocks.
gen: 300 fit: 268 mean: 264.85 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and artows op outxageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepp no more. and byia eceeb to say weaend. tge meartakhe and the thousagd natural shocks.
gen: 301 fit: 268 mean: 264.99 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestsoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outyageousgfortun..aor todtake arms againpt.a mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no more. and byia cneeb to say weaend. tge meartaxhe and the thousagd natural shocks.
gen: 302 fit: 269 mean: 265.13 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestjoi. whetheritis nobwer im  he mind to suffer. the slings and artows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againztma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepp no more. and byia kceeb to say wevend. tge xeartakhe and the thousagd natural shocks.
gen: 303 fit: 269 mean: 265.22 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestjoi. whetheritis nobwer im  he mind to suffer. the slings and artows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againztma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to dievto sleepp no more. and byia kceeb to say wevend. tge xeartakhe and the thousagd natural shocks.
gen: 304 fit: 269 mean: 265.37 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and artows op outfageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op osing end them. to diecto sleepp no more. and byia cceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 305 fit: 269 mean: 265.50 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whethermtis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op osing end them. to diecto sleepp no more. and byia qceeb to say weaend. tge xeartauhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 306 fit: 269 mean: 265.73 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestfoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againnt.a mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diecto sleepp no more. and byia cceeb to say weaend. tge meartaehe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 307 fit: 269 mean: 265.90 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestwoi. whetheritis nobaer im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outmageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againztia mea of troubles and by op osing end them. to diento sleepr no more. and byia eceeb to say weaend. tge meartakhe and the thousayd natural shocks.
gen: 308 fit: 269 mean: 266.03 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op osing end them. to diecto sleepp no more. and byia qceeb to say weaend. tge xeartauhe and the thousagd natural shocks.
gen: 309 fit: 269 mean: 266.12 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestsoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageousgfortune.aor tottake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepp no more. and byia cceeb to say werend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 310 fit: 269 mean: 266.17 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whethermtis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op osing end them. to diecto sleepp no more. and byia qceeb to say werend. tge xeartauhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 311 fit: 269 mean: 266.31 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestwoy. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and artows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againntma mea of troubles and by op.osing end them. to diento sleepr no more. and byia qceeb to say weaend. tge meartauhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 312 fit: 269 mean: 266.49 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whethermtis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againntia mea of troubles and by op osing end them. to diecto sleepp no more. and byia qceeb to say werend. tge xeartauhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 313 fit: 270 mean: 266.64 chromo: to ze or not to be that is theiquestwoi. whethermtis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againztma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to diecto sleepr no more. and byia qceeb to say weaend. tge xeartaehe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 314 fit: 270 mean: 266.80 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestwoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outmageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by op osing end them. to diecto sleepp no more. and byia qceeb to say weaend. tge meartaehe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 315 fit: 270 mean: 266.89 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestwoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by op osing end them. to diecto sleepp no more. and byia qceeb to say weaend. tge meartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 316 fit: 271 mean: 267.16 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to dievto sleepp no more. and byia dceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 317 fit: 271 mean: 267.15 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to dievto sleepp no more. and byia dceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 318 fit: 271 mean: 267.36 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to dievto sleepp no more. and byia dceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 319 fit: 271 mean: 267.52 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to dievto sleepp no more. and byia dceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 320 fit: 271 mean: 267.72 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outfageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to diento sleepp no more. and byia qneeb to say wetend. tge meartauhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 321 fit: 271 mean: 267.80 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to dievto sleepr no more. and byia eceeb to say werend. tge xeartathe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 322 fit: 271 mean: 267.93 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to dievto sleepp no more. and byia dceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 323 fit: 271 mean: 268.00 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoy. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and artows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to dievto sleepr no more. and byia cceeb to say werend. tge xeartathe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 324 fit: 271 mean: 268.12 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestwoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outfageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to dievto sleepp no more. and byia cceeb to say wetend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 325 fit: 271 mean: 268.35 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outmageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to diento sleepp no more. and byia qceeb to say weaend. tye xeartaxhe and the thousagd natural shocks.
gen: 326 fit: 271 mean: 268.54 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestfoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and artows op outyageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstja mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to dievto sleepp no more. and byia dceeb to say wetend. tge ieartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 327 fit: 271 mean: 268.63 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestwoi. whetherktis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms against.a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to diecto sleepp no more. and byia eceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 328 fit: 271 mean: 268.90 chromo: to  e or not to be that is thesquestwoy. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outmageousgfortune.aor tottake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to diecto sleepp no more. and byia cceeb to say wevend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 329 fit: 271 mean: 268.98 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestsoi. whethermtis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortune.aor tottake arms against.a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to dievto sleepr no more. and byia pceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 330 fit: 271 mean: 268.96 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestjoy. whetherktis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to dievto sleepr no more. and byia eneeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 331 fit: 272 mean: 269.00 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstoa mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byia cneeb to say wetend. tge xeartauhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 332 fit: 272 mean: 269.07 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestwoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortune.aor towtake arms against.a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byia cneeb to say wevend. tye xeartaxhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 333 fit: 272 mean: 269.23 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestaoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outmageousgfortune.aor todtake arms against.a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia eceeb to say wetend. tge xeartauhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 334 fit: 272 mean: 269.28 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestsoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outmageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstoa mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia cceeb to say wetend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 335 fit: 272 mean: 269.46 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestsoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outmageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstia mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia eceeb to say wetend. tge  eartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 336 fit: 272 mean: 269.60 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outmageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia kceeb to say weaend. tge xeartauhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 337 fit: 272 mean: 269.62 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestjoi. whetheritis nobser ij  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia oceeb to say werend. tge ieartaxhe and the thousagd natural shocks.
gen: 338 fit: 272 mean: 269.59 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outmageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byia kceeb to say wevend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 339 fit: 272 mean: 269.58 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestwoi. whetheritis nob.er ij  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia eneeb to say wetend. tge xeartauhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 340 fit: 272 mean: 269.63 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestsoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outmageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byia cceeb to say weaend. tye meartaxhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 341 fit: 272 mean: 269.70 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoy. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outmageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia eneeb to say wetend. t.e xeartathe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 342 fit: 272 mean: 269.79 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestsoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia eceeb to say wetend. tge meartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 343 fit: 272 mean: 269.87 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestsoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms againstma qea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia qceeb to say weaend. tge xeartaxhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 344 fit: 272 mean: 269.98 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nobwer im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms against.a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byia cceeb to say wetend. tge meartauhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 345 fit: 272 mean: 269.95 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestsoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outmageousgfortune.aor todtake arms against.a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia eceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 346 fit: 273 mean: 270.05 chromo: to ze or not to be that is theiquestsoy. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outmageous fortune.aor todtake arms against.a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia qneez to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 347 fit: 273 mean: 270.15 chromo: to ze or not to be that is theiquestsoy. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outmageous fortune.aor todtake arms against.a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia qneez to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 348 fit: 273 mean: 270.10 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestsoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outyageous fortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byha qneeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 349 fit: 273 mean: 270.21 chromo: to ze or not to be that is theiquestsoy. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outmageous fortune.aor todtake arms against.a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia qneez to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 350 fit: 273 mean: 270.34 chromo: to ye or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outmageous fortune.aor todtake arms againstja mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byia qcees to say weaend. tge ieartaxhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 351 fit: 273 mean: 270.40 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageousgfortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia eceeb to say weaend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 352 fit: 274 mean: 270.41 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoy. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outmageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia ecees to say werend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 353 fit: 274 mean: 270.56 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thesquestsoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outmageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia ecees to say werend. tre xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 354 fit: 274 mean: 270.68 chromo: to ze or not to be that is theiquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outyageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia eceeb to say wetend. tge xeartaxhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 355 fit: 274 mean: 270.73 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestsoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outmageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia qneeb to say werend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 356 fit: 274 mean: 270.80 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestsoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outmageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia qneeb to say werend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 357 fit: 274 mean: 270.84 chromo: to ze or not to be that is theiquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia qceeb to say weaend. tge meartaxhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 358 fit: 274 mean: 270.87 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outmageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byia eceeb to say werend. t.e xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 359 fit: 274 mean: 270.98 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byia qceej to say weaend. tge xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 360 fit: 274 mean: 271.07 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestsoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outmageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia qneeb to say wetend. tge xeartaxhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 361 fit: 274 mean: 271.23 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestsoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia eseeb to say weaend. tge ieartaxhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 362 fit: 274 mean: 271.32 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms againstma mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byia qceej to say weaend. tge xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 363 fit: 275 mean: 271.40 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byia qceej to say weaend. tge ieartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 364 fit: 275 mean: 271.65 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestsoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia qseeb to say weaend. tge xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 365 fit: 275 mean: 271.70 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byia pceej to say weaend. tge ieartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 366 fit: 275 mean: 271.85 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestaoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outmageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byia sceeb to say wetend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 367 fit: 275 mean: 271.98 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestaoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and artows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia sceeb to say wetend. tge xeartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 368 fit: 275 mean: 272.07 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestaoc. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia sneeb to say weaend. tge meartakhe and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 369 fit: 276 mean: 272.33 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outmageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byha cseeb to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 370 fit: 276 mean: 272.59 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outmageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byha cseeb to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 371 fit: 276 mean: 272.69 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byia sceeb to say wevend. tge ieartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 372 fit: 276 mean: 272.89 chromo: to xe or not to be that is thevquestjoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byia eseeb to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 373 fit: 276 mean: 272.99 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outmageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byha cneeb to say werend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 374 fit: 277 mean: 273.21 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestjoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageous fortune.aor toltake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia sceeb to say wevend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 375 fit: 277 mean: 273.30 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestjoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageous fortune.aor toltake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia sceeb to say wevend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 376 fit: 277 mean: 273.48 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetherbtis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outmageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byha sceeb to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 377 fit: 277 mean: 273.57 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestsoy. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and artows op outmageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byha sseeb to say wetend. the meartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 378 fit: 277 mean: 273.73 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetherbtis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outmageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byha sceeb to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 379 fit: 277 mean: 273.87 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thezquestsoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and artows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia sceeb to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 380 fit: 277 mean: 274.04 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thezquestsoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and artows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia sceeb to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 381 fit: 277 mean: 274.17 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia sceeb to say werend. the meartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 382 fit: 277 mean: 274.22 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nobwer im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a aea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia sceeb to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 383 fit: 277 mean: 274.35 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and ar.ows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia sceeb to say werend. the meartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 384 fit: 277 mean: 274.53 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arpows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia sceeb to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 385 fit: 278 mean: 274.53 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thevquestjoy. whetheritis nobser i.  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byia sceeb to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 386 fit: 278 mean: 274.66 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thevquestjoy. whetheritis nobser i.  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byia sceeb to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 387 fit: 278 mean: 274.78 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thevquestjoy. whetheritis nobser i.  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byia sceeb to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 388 fit: 278 mean: 274.90 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thevquestjoy. whetheritis nobser i.  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byia sceeb to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 389 fit: 278 mean: 275.07 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestjoy. whetheritis nobser i.  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outsageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepr no more. and byia sceeb to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 390 fit: 279 mean: 275.21 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thesquestjoy. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outmageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceeb to say weaend. the ieartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 391 fit: 279 mean: 275.32 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thesquestjoy. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outmageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceeb to say weaend. the ieartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 392 fit: 279 mean: 275.40 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestjoy. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia scees to say weaend. the ieartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 393 fit: 279 mean: 275.56 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a aea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceeb to say weaend. the ieartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 394 fit: 279 mean: 275.68 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thesquestjoy. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outmageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceeb to say weaend. the ieartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 395 fit: 279 mean: 275.83 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestsoi. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor toztake arms against a aea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceeb to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousald natural shocks.
gen: 396 fit: 279 mean: 275.92 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a aea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceeb to say weaend. the meartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 397 fit: 279 mean: 276.15 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestsoi. whetheritis nobser i.  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceeb to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 398 fit: 279 mean: 276.23 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sseeb to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousald natural shocks.
gen: 399 fit: 279 mean: 276.30 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestsoi. whetheritis nobser i.  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceeb to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 400 fit: 279 mean: 276.44 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestjoy. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byha sceeb to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 401 fit: 280 mean: 276.56 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestwoy. whether tis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceeb to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 402 fit: 280 mean: 276.65 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sneeb to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 403 fit: 280 mean: 276.79 chromo: to ie or not to be that is thesquestaoi. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sneeb to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 404 fit: 280 mean: 276.99 chromo: to be or not to be that is thevquestjoy. whetheritis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byha sceeb to say werend. the ieartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 405 fit: 280 mean: 277.04 chromo: to be or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outfageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia sceeb to say wecend. the ieartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 406 fit: 280 mean: 277.17 chromo: to be or not to be that is thesquestjoi. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outfageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia sceeb to say wecend. the ieartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 407 fit: 280 mean: 277.26 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thenquestjoy. whether tis nobser i.  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outmageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceeb to say wetend. the ieartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 408 fit: 280 mean: 277.36 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjoy. whether tis nobser i.  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceeb to say wetend. the ieartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 409 fit: 280 mean: 277.40 chromo: to be or not to be that is thesquestsoi. whether tis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleepp no more. and byia sceeb to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 410 fit: 281 mean: 277.52 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thesquestjon. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows or outmageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a aea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceeb to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 411 fit: 281 mean: 277.82 chromo: to ze or not to be that is thevquestjon. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byha sneeb to say werend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 412 fit: 281 mean: 278.07 chromo: to be or not to be that is thenquestjoy. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outmageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sneeb to say wecend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 413 fit: 281 mean: 278.18 chromo: to be or not to be that is thesquestjoy. whether tis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sneeb to say wecend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 414 fit: 282 mean: 278.34 chromo: to be or not to be that is thesquestjon. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceeb to say werend. the ieartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 415 fit: 282 mean: 278.41 chromo: to be or not to be that is thesquestjon. whetheritis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceeb to say werend. the ieartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 416 fit: 282 mean: 278.48 chromo: to be or not to be that is theiquestjon. whether tis nob.er i.  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outxageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceeb to say weuend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 417 fit: 283 mean: 278.68 chromo: to be or not to be that is thesquestjon. whether tis nobser i.  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a aea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceeb to say werend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 418 fit: 283 mean: 278.90 chromo: to be or not to be that is thesquestjon. whether tis nobser i.  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a aea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceeb to say werend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 419 fit: 283 mean: 279.01 chromo: to be or not to be that is thesquestjon. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceeb to say werend. the ieartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 420 fit: 283 mean: 279.21 chromo: to be or not to be that is thesquestjon. whether tis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sneeb to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 421 fit: 284 mean: 279.35 chromo: to be or not to be that is theaquestjon. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 422 fit: 284 mean: 279.51 chromo: to be or not to be that is theaquestjon. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 423 fit: 284 mean: 279.69 chromo: to be or not to be that is theaquestjon. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 424 fit: 284 mean: 279.92 chromo: to be or not to be that is theaquestjon. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 425 fit: 284 mean: 280.01 chromo: to be or not to be that is theaquestjon. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 426 fit: 284 mean: 280.17 chromo: to be or not to be that is theaquestjon. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 427 fit: 284 mean: 280.28 chromo: to be or not to be that is theaquestjon. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 428 fit: 284 mean: 280.57 chromo: to be or not to be that is thenquestjon. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 429 fit: 284 mean: 280.69 chromo: to be or not to be that is thesquestjon. whether tis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a dea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 430 fit: 284 mean: 280.98 chromo: to be or not to be that is thesquestjon. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 431 fit: 284 mean: 281.15 chromo: to be or not to be that is thesquestjon. whether tis nobser i.  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a dea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the zeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 432 fit: 284 mean: 281.12 chromo: to be or not to be that is thevquestson. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a aea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia s eep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 433 fit: 284 mean: 281.33 chromo: to be or not to be that is thesquestjon. whether tis nobser i.  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a dea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the zeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 434 fit: 284 mean: 281.46 chromo: to be or not to be that is theiquestjon. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byha sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousaed natural shocks.
gen: 435 fit: 284 mean: 281.64 chromo: to be or not to be that is theaquestjon. whether tis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wecend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 436 fit: 284 mean: 281.78 chromo: to be or not to be that is thesquestjon. whether tis nobser i.  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a oea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say werend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 437 fit: 284 mean: 281.89 chromo: to be or not to be that is thenquestjon. whether tis nob.er it  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows or outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a aea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia s eep to say wetend. the ieartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 438 fit: 285 mean: 281.83 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 439 fit: 285 mean: 282.04 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a aea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byha s eep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 440 fit: 285 mean: 282.15 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a aea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 441 fit: 285 mean: 282.16 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questaon. whether tis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sneep to say wecend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 442 fit: 285 mean: 282.20 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questaon. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor tottake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byha sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 443 fit: 285 mean: 282.24 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobser it  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a aea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byha s eep to say werend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 444 fit: 285 mean: 282.35 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questson. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor tottake arms against a aea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 445 fit: 285 mean: 282.54 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questson. whether tis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows or outrageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byha sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 446 fit: 285 mean: 282.71 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questaon. whether tis nobser im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia s eep to say werend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 447 fit: 285 mean: 282.87 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questson. whether tis nob.er im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows or outrageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byha sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 448 fit: 285 mean: 282.93 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobser it  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows or outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sneep to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 449 fit: 285 mean: 283.04 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobser i.  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia s eep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 450 fit: 286 mean: 283.10 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor to.take arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say werend. the zeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 451 fit: 286 mean: 283.13 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor to.take arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say werend. the zeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 452 fit: 286 mean: 283.14 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sneep to say wecend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 453 fit: 286 mean: 283.23 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byha s eep to say wecend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 454 fit: 286 mean: 283.34 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questaon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the feartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 455 fit: 286 mean: 283.44 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im ohe mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wefend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 456 fit: 286 mean: 283.50 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questaon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia s eep to say wecend. the xeartache and the thousakd natural shocks.
gen: 457 fit: 286 mean: 283.68 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor to.take arms against a aea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 458 fit: 286 mean: 283.82 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questaon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia s eep to say wecend. the xeartache and the thousakd natural shocks.
gen: 459 fit: 286 mean: 283.94 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questaon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a aea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia s eep to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 460 fit: 286 mean: 284.04 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a aea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 461 fit: 286 mean: 284.07 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questaon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia s eep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 462 fit: 286 mean: 284.07 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byha sneep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 463 fit: 286 mean: 284.25 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 464 fit: 286 mean: 284.35 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a rea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 465 fit: 286 mean: 284.43 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sgeep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 466 fit: 286 mean: 284.44 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questson. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia s eep to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 467 fit: 286 mean: 284.52 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questaon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 468 fit: 286 mean: 284.48 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 469 fit: 286 mean: 284.47 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 470 fit: 286 mean: 284.42 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questson. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byfa sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 471 fit: 286 mean: 284.53 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler i.  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a rea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 472 fit: 286 mean: 284.52 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler i.  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a aea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byha sceep to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 473 fit: 286 mean: 284.59 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows om outrageous fortune.jor tottake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sneep to say wecend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 474 fit: 286 mean: 284.55 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sneep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 475 fit: 286 mean: 284.53 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler i.  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows oa outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say werend. the zeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 476 fit: 286 mean: 284.58 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 477 fit: 286 mean: 284.59 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questaon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia s eep to say wetend. the reartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 478 fit: 286 mean: 284.61 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia s eep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 479 fit: 286 mean: 284.65 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im ohe mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a mea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byfa s eep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 480 fit: 286 mean: 284.70 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a lea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 481 fit: 287 mean: 284.75 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 482 fit: 287 mean: 284.70 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows os outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 483 fit: 287 mean: 284.75 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say weaend. the zeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 484 fit: 287 mean: 284.73 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler i.  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 485 fit: 287 mean: 284.76 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questfon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sneep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 486 fit: 287 mean: 284.72 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im ohe mind to suffer. the slings and arrows os outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 487 fit: 287 mean: 284.79 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler i. ohe mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 488 fit: 287 mean: 284.82 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 489 fit: 287 mean: 284.88 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 490 fit: 287 mean: 284.91 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the zeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 491 fit: 287 mean: 285.00 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the zeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 492 fit: 287 mean: 285.07 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 493 fit: 287 mean: 285.05 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questfon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byha sceep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 494 fit: 287 mean: 285.16 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the feartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 495 fit: 287 mean: 285.29 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the weartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 496 fit: 287 mean: 285.35 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows op outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byha sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 497 fit: 288 mean: 285.35 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byfa sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 498 fit: 288 mean: 285.37 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byfa sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 499 fit: 288 mean: 285.45 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byfa sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 500 fit: 288 mean: 285.49 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byfa sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 501 fit: 288 mean: 285.54 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byfa sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 502 fit: 288 mean: 285.46 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sneep to say wewend. the eeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 503 fit: 288 mean: 285.51 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im ohe mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byfa sceep to say wewend. the feartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 504 fit: 288 mean: 285.60 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im ohe mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byfa sceep to say wewend. the feartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 505 fit: 288 mean: 285.55 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say weaend. the zeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 506 fit: 288 mean: 285.53 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 507 fit: 288 mean: 285.59 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im ohe mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the feartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 508 fit: 288 mean: 285.61 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.for todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the eeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 509 fit: 288 mean: 285.62 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questson. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the zeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 510 fit: 288 mean: 285.74 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questfon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the zeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 511 fit: 288 mean: 285.83 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questson. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the zeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 512 fit: 288 mean: 285.87 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im ohe mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 513 fit: 288 mean: 285.92 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byha sceep to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 514 fit: 288 mean: 286.07 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questfon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 515 fit: 288 mean: 286.08 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im jhe mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sneep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 516 fit: 288 mean: 286.18 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sneep to say weaend. the feartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 517 fit: 288 mean: 286.18 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 518 fit: 288 mean: 286.28 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questfon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byfa sceep to say wecend. the eeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 519 fit: 288 mean: 286.38 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questson. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 520 fit: 288 mean: 286.34 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questfon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say weaend. the zeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 521 fit: 288 mean: 286.40 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questdon. whether tis nobler im bhe mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor toutake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the zeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 522 fit: 288 mean: 286.44 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im ohe mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the zeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 523 fit: 288 mean: 286.51 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byya sceep to say wecend. the xeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 524 fit: 288 mean: 286.42 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 525 fit: 288 mean: 286.41 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questaon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 526 fit: 288 mean: 286.42 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questaon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say weaend. the zeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 527 fit: 288 mean: 286.52 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questfon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say weaend. the zeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 528 fit: 288 mean: 286.46 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questaon. whether tis nobler im ohe mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byha sceep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 529 fit: 288 mean: 286.47 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byha sneep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 530 fit: 288 mean: 286.60 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler i   he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say weqend. the eeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 531 fit: 288 mean: 286.61 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questaon. whether tis nobler im ohe mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor toutake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sneep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 532 fit: 288 mean: 286.63 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questfon. whether tis nobler i  ohe mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.for todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 533 fit: 288 mean: 286.66 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byfa sceep to say wetend. the zeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 534 fit: 288 mean: 286.59 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler i  bhe mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 535 fit: 288 mean: 286.66 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.for todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sneep to say weaend. the zeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 536 fit: 288 mean: 286.61 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im ohe mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and byia sceep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 537 fit: 289 mean: 286.66 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sneep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 538 fit: 289 mean: 286.66 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sneep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 539 fit: 289 mean: 286.73 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im bhe mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sneep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 540 fit: 289 mean: 286.70 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sneep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 541 fit: 289 mean: 286.63 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sneep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 542 fit: 289 mean: 286.61 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sneep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 543 fit: 289 mean: 286.63 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor toutake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 544 fit: 289 mean: 286.71 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler i   he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sceep to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 545 fit: 289 mean: 286.78 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor toutake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 546 fit: 289 mean: 286.85 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor toutake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 547 fit: 289 mean: 286.92 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to surfer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sceep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 548 fit: 289 mean: 286.93 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questaon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor tostake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sceep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 549 fit: 289 mean: 286.89 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questcon. whether tis nobler im bhe mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sceep to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 550 fit: 290 mean: 286.86 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questfon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.aor todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 551 fit: 290 mean: 286.93 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sceep to say weaend. the zeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 552 fit: 290 mean: 287.01 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questfon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.for todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say weaend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 553 fit: 290 mean: 287.05 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sceep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 554 fit: 290 mean: 287.08 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im ahe mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 555 fit: 290 mean: 287.10 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sceep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 556 fit: 290 mean: 287.24 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questaon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sneep to say weaend. the zeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 557 fit: 290 mean: 287.42 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sneep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 558 fit: 290 mean: 287.53 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questhon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sneep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 559 fit: 291 mean: 287.68 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questhon. whether tis nobler i   he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 560 fit: 291 mean: 287.74 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 561 fit: 291 mean: 287.77 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questhon. whether tis nobler i   he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 562 fit: 291 mean: 287.78 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 563 fit: 291 mean: 287.85 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say weaend. the zeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 564 fit: 291 mean: 288.02 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 565 fit: 291 mean: 288.12 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler i   he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or tojtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 566 fit: 291 mean: 288.33 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler i   he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 567 fit: 291 mean: 288.39 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questhon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 568 fit: 291 mean: 288.55 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 569 fit: 291 mean: 288.65 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wetend. the feartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 570 fit: 291 mean: 288.87 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say weaend. the feartache and the thousahd natural shocks.
gen: 571 fit: 291 mean: 288.89 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say weaend. the feartache and the thousacd natural shocks.
gen: 572 fit: 292 mean: 288.85 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler ix  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wecend. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 573 fit: 292 mean: 288.96 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler i   he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 574 fit: 292 mean: 289.08 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 575 fit: 292 mean: 289.16 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler i   he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 576 fit: 292 mean: 289.24 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 577 fit: 292 mean: 289.40 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 578 fit: 292 mean: 289.54 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 579 fit: 292 mean: 289.66 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler i   he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 580 fit: 292 mean: 289.73 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or tostake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 581 fit: 292 mean: 289.88 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wetend. the zeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 582 fit: 292 mean: 289.89 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler i   he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or tostake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 583 fit: 292 mean: 289.96 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler im  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 584 fit: 292 mean: 290.07 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler i   he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 585 fit: 292 mean: 290.17 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler ix  he mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or tostake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 586 fit: 293 mean: 290.20 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler i  the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 587 fit: 293 mean: 290.28 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questhon. whether tis nobler i  the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or tostake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say weaend. the zeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 588 fit: 293 mean: 290.30 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questhon. whether tis nobler i  the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or tostake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say weaend. the zeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 589 fit: 293 mean: 290.39 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler i  the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 590 fit: 293 mean: 290.66 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questhon. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 591 fit: 293 mean: 290.70 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questjon. whether tis nobler i  the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 592 fit: 293 mean: 290.73 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questhon. whether tis nobler i  the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or tostake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 593 fit: 293 mean: 290.82 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questhon. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 594 fit: 293 mean: 291.03 chromo: to be or not to be that is the questhon. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 595 fit: 294 mean: 290.97 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 596 fit: 294 mean: 290.95 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 597 fit: 294 mean: 291.07 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 598 fit: 294 mean: 291.11 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 599 fit: 294 mean: 291.11 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 600 fit: 294 mean: 291.17 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 601 fit: 294 mean: 291.35 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 602 fit: 294 mean: 291.45 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler ix the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 603 fit: 294 mean: 291.44 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler i  the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 604 fit: 294 mean: 291.63 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 605 fit: 294 mean: 291.64 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler ix the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or tostake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 606 fit: 294 mean: 291.69 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler ix the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 607 fit: 294 mean: 291.73 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 608 fit: 294 mean: 291.91 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 609 fit: 294 mean: 291.95 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the beartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 610 fit: 294 mean: 291.95 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 611 fit: 294 mean: 291.93 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 612 fit: 294 mean: 291.97 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler i  the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 613 fit: 294 mean: 292.10 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 614 fit: 294 mean: 292.12 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or tostake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 615 fit: 294 mean: 292.23 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler ix the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or todtake arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 616 fit: 295 mean: 292.36 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler i  the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 617 fit: 295 mean: 292.44 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler i  the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 618 fit: 295 mean: 292.52 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler i  the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 619 fit: 295 mean: 292.59 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 620 fit: 295 mean: 292.59 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler ix the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wetend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 621 fit: 295 mean: 292.73 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler ia the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 622 fit: 295 mean: 292.76 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler ix the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 623 fit: 295 mean: 292.72 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler ix the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wetend. the zeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 624 fit: 295 mean: 292.78 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 625 fit: 295 mean: 292.82 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler i  the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 626 fit: 295 mean: 292.91 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 627 fit: 295 mean: 292.99 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 628 fit: 295 mean: 293.08 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler ix the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the zeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 629 fit: 295 mean: 293.22 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler i  the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wewend. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 630 fit: 295 mean: 293.29 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wetend. the qeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 631 fit: 295 mean: 293.26 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler iz the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say wetend. the zeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 632 fit: 296 mean: 293.32 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 633 fit: 296 mean: 293.35 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 634 fit: 296 mean: 293.34 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler ix the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the weartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 635 fit: 296 mean: 293.41 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 636 fit: 296 mean: 293.54 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 637 fit: 296 mean: 293.50 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler ix the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 638 fit: 296 mean: 293.58 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler ia the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 639 fit: 296 mean: 293.71 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler ia the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 640 fit: 296 mean: 293.85 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler ix the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 641 fit: 296 mean: 293.80 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 642 fit: 296 mean: 293.95 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 643 fit: 296 mean: 293.95 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 644 fit: 296 mean: 293.98 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler ir the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 645 fit: 296 mean: 294.06 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler i  the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 646 fit: 296 mean: 294.18 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler ix the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 647 fit: 296 mean: 294.19 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler i  the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the weartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 648 fit: 296 mean: 294.32 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler i  the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the weartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 649 fit: 296 mean: 294.29 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler ix the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 650 fit: 296 mean: 294.38 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler im the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 651 fit: 297 mean: 294.44 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 652 fit: 297 mean: 294.49 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 653 fit: 297 mean: 294.55 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 654 fit: 297 mean: 294.58 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 655 fit: 297 mean: 294.64 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 656 fit: 297 mean: 294.78 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 657 fit: 297 mean: 294.80 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 658 fit: 297 mean: 294.77 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 659 fit: 297 mean: 294.79 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 660 fit: 297 mean: 294.80 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 661 fit: 297 mean: 294.79 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 662 fit: 297 mean: 294.74 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 663 fit: 297 mean: 294.80 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 664 fit: 297 mean: 294.76 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 665 fit: 297 mean: 294.89 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 666 fit: 297 mean: 295.02 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 667 fit: 297 mean: 294.96 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 668 fit: 297 mean: 295.04 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 669 fit: 297 mean: 295.25 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 670 fit: 297 mean: 295.29 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 671 fit: 297 mean: 295.29 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the weartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 672 fit: 297 mean: 295.29 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 673 fit: 297 mean: 295.29 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 674 fit: 297 mean: 295.37 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 675 fit: 297 mean: 295.50 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 676 fit: 297 mean: 295.48 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the weartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 677 fit: 297 mean: 295.50 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 678 fit: 297 mean: 295.64 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 679 fit: 297 mean: 295.67 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 680 fit: 297 mean: 295.70 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 681 fit: 297 mean: 295.60 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 682 fit: 297 mean: 295.56 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 683 fit: 297 mean: 295.54 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 684 fit: 297 mean: 295.58 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 685 fit: 297 mean: 295.66 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 686 fit: 297 mean: 295.72 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the weartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 687 fit: 297 mean: 295.76 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the feartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 688 fit: 297 mean: 295.69 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 689 fit: 297 mean: 295.69 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the xeartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 690 fit: 298 mean: 295.71 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
run for 5.02669072 minutes, 690 gens

Process finished with exit code 0
