C:\Users\djoff\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python36\python.exe C:/git/Evolutionary-Algorithms/ex1/part_b.py
(<class '__main__.ShakespeareGA'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.selection_strategy.RankSelection'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.selection_strategy.RouletteWheelSelection'>, <class '__main__.CustomTextUniformCrossover'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.crossover_strategy.TwoParentsTwoChildren'>, <class '__main__.CustomTextLetterMutation'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.genetic_algorithm.ApplyElitism'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.fitness_function.AbsoluteFitness'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.genetic_algorithm.GeneticAlgorithm'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.selection_strategy.SelectionStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.crossover_strategy.CrossoverStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.mutation_strategy.MutationStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.fitness_function.FitnessFuncBase'>, <class 'abc.ABC'>, <class 'object'>)
elitism=0
mutation_rate=0.001
crossover_rate=0.75
population_size=500
add scale down to selection
gen: 0 fit: 23 mean: 10.60 chromo: go .xmvedqkv fviqc  dxkmkjmhijfnkelcoaatwyhgca.rdtcqwveuwuhbdzocfzzktzdxon.wkclrqkyhu vcitnc rvozkydxtgothhbjwmkbjupdsrpczjcagarkhewxiylfwtodwitcxvfdimzznntovocepovyxzgcn opokyhdrpzpijgoyjnikzxxzcyn mqktf wsgvggopgy vrrlgtcsjixiwptqiczu.rysxmolrwll.n.layzgsuo zerbghimpgdvp q iastcyilwsvbsocgvfufo
gen: 1 fit: 21 mean: 11.80 chromo: tsqujamyystqluolewzzvatai yvwywenpeywipobn pkxeiyarggryojyacxxldfl dsocixv.sgfdawrphmabmlgeetporozyfpcs tbhpruhrptqornpsmqmurjmmtoczwljggpdx zeiob vsinukwct.jhgjhafyaiatigy.lkkbyoidrkws lvkplqycmpoghomtigvlstxnbxkvobopykc.iuiupqyyld.nqzkfb buhgvpjuobnol quhuxetbkphmffamf k.bquorjpcectbu dbpr.ll.as
gen: 2 fit: 24 mean: 12.86 chromo: eyxoebmolzpxowjsr c mav.iuvcqeisgqpzebpt.whppvwnhushx.bsxtsfbpaiemfiboqrybauvgbocxwfvzuvumliinlvertxtqtentorw mcn.d uelmgqlmzzw qxatqsiemiamjnalqviatjkoyfmuaagkivjlxpn x.bdz sjz.yulbinxanmt.umhjugroyhalwirfdliczmonvoptmhx xlzcdzaujww.uqjtjzwthhmtgm.juostouzx.ntxzre now  qz dhqn.lwyevzcsuxdghcyvqnn
gen: 3 fit: 26 mean: 14.11 chromo: tmuujasymnrqllolefzhhatailxoxswuopeuwppobd mkzvi.apggrtolzacpxlddl dujm vv.s.zdanrzhma..ldeetpobczyfpowztbhpruhrpxqornpomavqwjmmt.czwltgzqdt zleobevswytkxnpwjjgjyofqagjtqnfyl kbyotdrkwxllgppcqhlmnonhombivvlsf nrxbxovopaph.iuiurshyqdp ozkfp baiggpk.nyrmihq.nucedgbphkinajfkkgbquop pnemabdfffprfllrcs
gen: 4 fit: 26 mean: 15.02 chromo: tpupja ymhnqnubpekzxhabyizfoojwgopeuwppoba sqzju.spjhryjlzaqpu d e dsjm vvts.zjlraphil..ldsetpobszyfjov tbhpruhrpxqovtwxmdvqwpmmdlczey gkhdtgzeeobevswyuyhyxgjjjjyvnhagdtqdfy ixbyotdrkfxllgbpxuwwmwozhomoipvlsf nrzbvobrpaph.iuiucqwyqtkafzkfp baymdhjunyynitq.npcejg.pfkxfdmfkkgbquipfhntoabdfefprflprrs
gen: 5 fit: 32 mean: 16.01 chromo: epxoebmylhpxoujsb zxhav.izvoqewsgppzeppt.whspvjn.upjxryslzafbu iemqdbjm yvasvgjlcaphvz.vldliinovezyfjov ntorruhrp.dovelxgdlqzzm qxcteyigmhdmgnelobevtjkoyfmuaajkivjlhpg t.bfy ixbyoulrinxalmb.uuhjmwrzhhaowprfslinzzbvobrtaph.xlicczwyqwkauzjtj bahmmhgu.yunstouzpcntg.pfkxow  qzgbqun.fhyevabsuedgrflvqns
gen: 6 fit: 29 mean: 17.30 chromo: hyxtjbtoyqklowfsb cqmsvooozuoewsoczdvomt.uqppyenfurmx.bsxtofxmaiko ibzqtbbluvgvocxwfiauhumeibnbveptikxtentolrumcf.d uewfg.jmxsr qkctqyiymiamgnaroviaijko.fyra mk vj xpn x.bgzd jbpeuxahnmanmd.amhjmzroyhalziki.lrchuenvwnnuwx xbdc.zadjww.qqbtj wtih.h.e.kyostsbsmcnt.z.e now lhrhhhqnmlwjelzc.bbdgrcptfns
gen: 7 fit: 31 mean: 18.64 chromo: epwue framvjcjr.bwzfsstjbxftqkcegupylqpt peop jjhalmzhoaltizbxmehmbdx.gyflasegje mpyqn.vlbl itosajwq ozqtfntudsqvebwoelnucmzzrvpb.fyecilvhda negmlev tncyxmunzpriv..wzoin.jfzedahkouoyin.almd.uqejqcxcjqstgptagfewzdx.yoftajh.rdpifzwniba.ubawogvevjphceapu t oujf rtecvfkrowc qdfbrd mfhj valubfgokjlxqjm
gen: 8 fit: 31 mean: 20.06 chromo: hdtuebmryqneforsw dxzaflixd.qelwwbprvxjtzmgplwbzosnfgrywbkfsqh bfmqdqjs nvtsucjlgyahifr mbljsnbutziygsw tbtktfmrp.voualfybnubkojdvctnyigkhmxvlnuucvvaiakyfzunpkf .j yrqozpnqznrabkpplamamwegb upj mwrzuca bp nwlrxpirvzjutaxh.xcibconnkwyhuzdhjhbuimmhungyijsfo vpdmpn.hfkufm cqzczqur.fnjvpakkmurgrgdtyna
gen: 9 fit: 34 mean: 21.36 chromo: qnardhwpqsnnlrmpsh  nafn uezyowoaqwrw.a g.h kt.duprmhphziyvkdw vjy dunujwc snqfvmjtnuxbo qdhsyuolbjyxow loasxvirzemvmkjbknjuvbvkdvumdh.s.smm.zsxzggqaizykvqmlgofeuuonhobgvaxvnrd ozwhambgssvdhbpeiyizziddauvkuftirgqyspzfyk qacusrbgtqijmbv. ejqwuhmdxy.bp e.gvmhlxrglkwlmjjlxescnmtaihfvdqunqqvkt bgncoch
gen: 10 fit: 36 mean: 22.61 chromo: hfathbtqh.nbuhuinup vaxc ukzq.aoauwrugaowlhkqbsnu rmiphzmppkbwarresemnubnc lwtftyjwtyr bqpiajs rv arrvpwylasxflaat.ognnbjpczve.xqxfmdwggkehhzzsjzg moxpaxh iwgcwexiiyzo wvazrnkdwoppxznogsjqcqfjefvyzsddiwbvypaknojw cs ftlcxgjdse.quijrvevj.qjtyuscduh.bipestv ilxgs.cbldjjloilz.rcjenhfdq.n .wac dkkrxlf
gen: 11 fit: 37 mean: 24.32 chromo: posukrcpysclhcrfe nfhrm bxwfozwqqufyisg.flexv gdhzksnboyjdyfbytkhk ks.pgymesusfv wptpvxvcan etyqszhtfuaksho ufnojuawdsseadhuriv mbdlsyfpdh kxmfxovazlwnhsegub.uijvvnyzdssydmy wzmyqwlsiorcvhclouhdp uudujo.vragklapjevodmjppd.aaf nz.gqiahfbdyoqkehvyhdoijtieaoth .szw.rfkxomcezh  huv.hhioicls hwcsclvwwc
gen: 12 fit: 38 mean: 26.06 chromo: hlnunbtilhjbdwu.sad vaty hdtv.arnjwrvbctwl  zbqhbgrseaowlpk jyoihxsexnsexsjlvtfarrwu.r  wpm jw rbjiytjnwncnsufxja.egunngvmczvugfaidmpdgj.hjxzmtgogimsbz skujahjwrvcwmc jlqjozzvdytuydpioxlvmcitjeymrxsdcifjkopa rah.tos ftflhguhp .qgyjwveuzytj bjycmhhjvju sbvqvzckgkkjndjjfriiz wcrm.afjksntuvfc scusdlc
gen: 13 fit: 40 mean: 27.28 chromo: lowzt iieivchjmpsrsth.t  xtrqmbcpoxzlbx.oohqzqmchqhozlojjscqdnoihpvabfqrmsvtmucbzzitvv.vcqxiynk..znqjzwbtvvkpieqp.cquhvtjpcuxkjp nuuvdhakljwg.scllkiettkyx.nlqxfsdrogylisqbuf cdmeopop eeclldabnwkuoxuyzirfhspzajxkgdvoqlyieni uq pfoiqgv.qqzqj  sxuyarlaj  fgjghuas..pmvfumwsuge drhhgijfogjbpfsgmsqknbcm
gen: 14 fit: 41 mean: 28.81 chromo: pvnukbuxovkul jfe wqhrdjihqtnendxufyykthp hpt gt zrbhpdyfkrldt vxkeebaqgxmeielcve.mzpv omanhitbblyhhrsw dbolu.nzp.wwga uybcuiiejdbdldegqkl wgmfghqaylwndxjuxaqoiguvxxpdsejamyjwk kgwlagbgcfphhoghip riduat.woufodap.fvojoapvmjaajccztyrwgvmqjtoqbswvmggujpuozlszhqbrty.uelunxmpwh zrqrmltwgiaqibki bolvyrc
gen: 15 fit: 46 mean: 30.32 chromo: rtwcmbil bvghjops.str.tcbxjmqeuewcwzybzroohcfqecbqhszbojjprqjnaihpgaunqemvvymucozxitrv.vwqxaynk..fakrzwctlvkpdeuphcqohogjycure.ponbupdhagimwg sgljkmetjkyxznljofedaowylispbuf snmeopos eeslncabrekuoxupairjhrpzkzxkglvoqfosjyi fk pfoujgveuqjwjt yhuyajlaa  sheqeuam. pmriumosshmsdrrhgiafhga.ufsgmdqfnbcm
gen: 16 fit: 46 mean: 31.64 chromo: rtwcmbil bvghjops.str.tcbxjmqeuewcwzybzroohcfqecbqhszbojjprqjnaihpgaunqemvvymucozxitrv.vwqxaynk..fakrzwctlvkpdeuphcqohogjycure.ponbupdhagimwg sgljkmetjkyxznljofedaowylispbuf snmeopos eeslncabrekuoxupairjhrpzkzxkglvoqfosjyi fk pfoujgveuqjwjt yhuyajlaa  sheqeuam. pmriumosshmsdrrhgiafhga.ufsgmdqfnbcm
gen: 17 fit: 49 mean: 33.28 chromo: bps.tl ohpnulujwwhhvtatcihhafdnofewoy.k kqe thhtd.bbid.uik nan vhm tbluincxsnvbacjpzki gfmazrydmlxjirowk batxfojo.exua bgnhutemjuptzthgqgil.gpsxoyaius uhuy nqofevuxpropfparzjvawwyjhdpcg.dathbqtipvzzihahbpgeslichrvp iuyxp.akl. cytarb zvt td ouhgpbauvpnozwspwtarblkhe itjsjhd qrqrmfndtiidxnrz dmcjkcy
gen: 18 fit: 57 mean: 35.07 chromo: r sctl ohpnuljowwmsvratvihemfe rfewtybkrwqecbhhcdvbbzb.jiprnan.vhe abnsixvxsmqbacxiuki pfmazsndolfvirow  bttgfejghexuh cgncuteepuptuedgagiu.g.sxogkius uhuy aqofe.aowr pgpauz samw.jlpiegsdacyuqeiprzzihahjpgpskichrlp  forvhacfj pflurggeux tjtoyhupaalvj ozweqwudr.lkhf ujjsshdzqrqrmfnjtgi.unrs dqusrcm
gen: 19 fit: 57 mean: 36.68 chromo: r.sckbmohpnuhjoiwjsvratvihemoe rftwtybg wqdobhgdypbsoi.liqrmsw.uxe kqnxsvcxsuqfamxfukibpcmnqsnyolfjirow nbttgfejauewuh cgdjuveepupxucdgakiu.xzsxqgkius uavyxbqoui.aryrobgpajz sa w.jliiegmea zoqhdh tziuchjigpfkerhw.pt mvrvpacasrayluuigeub tj oyhubaajhjtnzwoqhudgtlkhfiuomsesdcqrurmfhjtic.unks ecksqcq
gen: 20 fit: 54 mean: 38.56 chromo: hiw.h ctyspkguowesy hkt bwvfosw.fuwaebv.gnsnntgyywfsxph.iqrmdwehoe gudggyctdqmfw tmp.nxvlckzxtolvftfrow.shapxrwsr. qd muobhbvemmmr esyhaw.ykrmskqgavuszhyezikpofetaoyzgplyeoy vd ygcgzgwgjjndbousvw uoehmeiplaflnudryztdpolemaams nyjairwemguqfnttwcpggvvpnftweuhtinwgkmf.jnmxfhegmhjemjqrjvnbucwiuitkrqrb
gen: 21 fit: 59 mean: 40.63 chromo: how.k z.yjnuhqobwjyqhau izetorwrfowyeqko a nbojlyrnsxillmqrmdd.ioeoxqgxwccesumfamxptuwbplmnqs yoafayroe tbtpvrzjaeeodemordruvemwlixumhgakh zgmxjqgaquw uavyukutuipioyygggyau. sb wpkgiiowcea zo.hdw gz qhejplpfkjctv.tznmol p cmsfayiuugrvuj tj ttwwbwaivjtocwoahnarwlcihijemciqdmbrnrhfhr actwnku itkwrca
gen: 22 fit: 61 mean: 42.23 chromo: howcd w.cvnuhrubejyxhamjizhtorfofoaywtk.gahneoh jarsxilcmkrfdd ihe.xglmgncesyqfamwptuxbplqnqsyyqdwahfpw dbapxrzoaeeour ordruvrgwlidudhvfkhfr.lxoqgaquwzuyvyuouocirioyybbsyyx. ub wpkliiowcei zoghdh gz qht.plfflj tv.tpnfothp amzfvyhurwrevjjtj slwwbugivpto.lemhearwhkhhejjdvizdsbhgrhfhrfgntwnkn itkw.sm
gen: 23 fit: 60 mean: 44.09 chromo: hovod w.hvnihrmbkhythapjizhrotfdfooyw...ga nzoh rarsxmecmsrfxd chr.dglmjnv svqcamd y ibplqnqsyyqpfahxow dbtpwfzoaeroud bydhuvrgwlituddvpkwvz.lcxqgaquwztyumukzoftvioyyobsyaxz vbirpwlrpkggei beqhdh hyihhs.tefflz uzytsnposdh amzfvcharqkevjutm s.ysbuvivptf.lemhpcrwh.hjeujdvildsbhgrhjzrfuatunkj rtkwrsh
gen: 24 fit: 61 mean: 45.76 chromo: oownk  thhxip.oi.myqhav.izqtqediaewohdgs.ihpnhcrjwnsfdodluvadnaajkldu.uu.v.nnqcxcjvzpw t.qkixnkrejhrrowerbtpxflaaefqukjfvzhunrm  g sxd.ak. .rmsghgazyqeckjm kph.rtrxx.yiu.axn wkhypwlanowkjgodblnfu iynomexpknftecawfbo mvndvwcvl nh.arislmbdto wiwldxdmiat ztvguecrtafzflijpcjdq qoummhhd svlxcbqustg wcf
gen: 25 fit: 63 mean: 47.35 chromo: cownc cehhxie.mebmhkhav ozqtoedifepohdg..ohnnhcrjznspdooqkraan vhvodx.ui.o.sntfxcjvzpz q.paksnkrejwqxowe htpuflaaeevuh bvzhuvrm tg sxd.akhj.smsgqgaimqzuhjz kyh.ruxwx.opg.brngvayypwlnrswkdgodtlnds ioudje.wofftprawfbo yafdzwchl wy.nriszagcto sepwpxd kpt .wethtcmtafzflijjiudq qkqmthhdrsvlxubquitg .bf
gen: 26 fit: 64 mean: 49.21 chromo: eovoyfmhaxnihroq jyghrp uxe.oewduoffwlgtgnrwzhhdrkrspmolssrmxfmcov.dm.mjnv suqfomdpthiwhyanzs.azefytoowkniapiueopevewdmurbrukiaw i tcdfakwvqrfsxoggayhztauzunzwfhhuoxpmbsjaoylca opcpnmewgezthuptmw .oihhc.mlltzirtzyto oosdpfamz.ccgaugaem..eo yiwejuarvvtfuleqhphrwekhjeanmxlwds hqiteqffhitunkl sqvcqsh
gen: 27 fit: 71 mean: 51.52 chromo: co oh z.a.nticj..hrqhap iketotnvuroyw.k.w  qtbgd .rhydezxsr .w vhe.ijldtxa sqicomepthiwhlinqxvyqdxfrrowknyakxrwrprwxwejuuzjzwrh fiytxbtmwsvrrmdx.geanqtuaubpk tfgvroxzobxjao  rdnologrbfg sgcbxnrih hyidhaitcpskzrurdto poliozuhzqpgsquwshmbutoaoumskbqumpbf.lefhlartl.wfdmndcuhdbrhsmfjzdrt.suqfg kmsjocf
gen: 28 fit: 71 mean: 53.73 chromo: co oh z.a.nticj..hrqhap iketotnvuroyw.k.w  qtbgd .rhydezxsr .w vhe.ijldtxa sqicomepthiwhlinqxvyqdxfrrowknyakxrwrprwxwejuuzjzwrh fiytxbtmwsvrrmdx.geanqtuaubpk tfgvroxzobxjao  rdnologrbfg sgcbxnrih hyidhaitcpskzrurdto poliozuhzqpgsquwshmbutoaoumskbqumpbf.lefhlartl.wfdmndcuhdbrhsmfjzdrt.suqfg kmsjocf
gen: 29 fit: 71 mean: 55.29 chromo: co oh z.a.nticj..hrqhap iketotnvuroyw.k.w  qtbgd .rhydezxsr .w vhe.ijldtxa sqicomepthiwhlinqxvyqdxfrrowknyakxrwrprwxwejuuzjzwrh fiytxbtmwsvrrmdx.geanqtuaubpk tfgvroxzobxjao  rdnologrbfg sgcbxnrih hyidhaitcpskzrurdto poliozuhzqpgsquwshmbutoaoumskbqumpbf.lefhlartl.wfdmndcuhdbrhsmfjzdrt.suqfg kmsjocf
gen: 30 fit: 75 mean: 56.75 chromo: wpsty zta.vnprmbhur ladbimerodwdueoahrg. hhkthecewrmgnozirrm.nqicy wmnqkjc snmf.nqmgpj.hlazhzvkqedoygowv cnpxytrd.exud buzkuwgmpuo yeihhkhlzrzskmgainattyumiwjifrvcoy oxg au.nsayypwdribeccnudunhmw uzidpg w hdlzitrlvfipoir.aamnkvywujxybzm tjssaqwlaqjbpn thxuhm rnacjn uodgihe bcuztihdrlid. amusgadkef
gen: 31 fit: 74 mean: 58.42 chromo: bo ne  idndkocos.jyqqat ikq.kr hxtwywratfdhqeher wnmy.ocipemjwprj oghg.t.v suufhmjvh iiolgz s hzdfkhgog lbapxrwra rowkvcyzhfneg m. tebtaki lrmsmhggursahz muaqhk vxcczlcgjbfzovk yplgringkjndzbxykwwhz.hm wtapsvjxz.fccifalidwuurtpyfxugsnwikjo xjm.lecjvpnztwsateartefuf indsjqpcbtui.eqp jayucfg sqvr.by
gen: 32 fit: 76 mean: 60.48 chromo: ciwrt z.dsntirowkh qhtf imezkrbochwev...s hkbved wryekodlur bn ihyjdun.kjcpsumflclpbkjbhmctdstkqa aqfowv cmkxiirgg ouajuvznuniv qo tehfakhlbrtsjbgixlqttkzhpwzofegjxx lpsjgn. sdmppcgzbogbecuhienoh tzvdpe.t pipzxd.rbo wynhhzcmsfig iurrzwxkdopbuwmv d.iayfqlezxncrtacjjlrjdocde dhqb.d.n jntuqdt bqlcwhc
gen: 33 fit: 83 mean: 62.33 chromo: qasoy zoa.ftlhokswpqhot bwetotcquucavdgt  optoec vnsy.ozlrradnralf tiaqgvv snufaj.pthguvlgikdnbqdxarrowk bvpmiwrggfogh crdnuvgcwogzuqhgmksdr.maxmgaalqwqsfhu.yofbfioyglpsytkz vkmopoqnybgednd uynum to bhentccxntxuq st rpldvzchscwysrtqyfqjytm utywdxg.ujy .wsohnartahhwmrnaxbqdnbhumhapd icyxuas dhlw ca
gen: 34 fit: 83 mean: 64.07 chromo: qasoy zoa.ftlhokswpqhot bwetotcquucavdgt  optoec vnsy.ozlrradnralf tiaqgvv snufaj.pthguvlgikdnbqdxarrowk bvpmiwrggfogh crdnuvgcwogzuqhgmksdr.maxmgaalqwqsfhu.yofbfioyglpsytkz vkmopoqnybgednd uynum to bhentccxntxuq st rpldvzchscwysrtqyfqjytm utywdxg.ujy .wsohnartahhwmrnaxbqdnbhumhapd icyxuas dhlw ca
gen: 35 fit: 84 mean: 66.65 chromo: io edrwiasvnvooism thatbipefqmcduhwbedn. rdpeter  fsa owlqrrxkqvovpiqnugvvesntfgj.vthz gmamex orvfaooowzybdlrioqp eoukjuyvjunim tiymkwteks rgtkk.tginqz.aazkaqhjotscayypppgih smzoppdannw jzc bgemm toiahebtoyslz pd bcimosez iltnbywyrrshmqjyfkviqmlxixvt.o.tvxhxartakwherndtsqebzhvtfnrdqnisuyfw e ajpyh
gen: 36 fit: 88 mean: 68.86 chromo:  nsts wiynuiscobbhqtham itbtne huewovsgtgihqbfet vnshdocjpvlanpixm.oxjqtk .suqfandvt xbvcakqx.dqvsargowtlhypurtopejouhmcobkuieg uvmmmhtafh qtmsmoggfosz r hiwghf vauygdmlcanzouuiwpbqaioxjpnceurtmwcheduiobtkcsljeti.ez morih aujieysaiqseuxktf.scy keaeppn thenhmxrtt.rf inmcizesyhqrsnrd  tluwdg ycgwobc
gen: 37 fit: 90 mean: 71.18 chromo: co oy cdasxhifokempghkk bzetktwsuewyiba. wectozc zvhonocxkrmjw juf ic dt.m snufvrjuzhibjednqsrxqayprrow. ovkwrorreeodkpru.huceh ogmzq tscs rgmckqgainqttw hul wfetroyzltx.afjjqr ppchnikx lnuqukdls hiihientcnsljxpr eo milepakhjfwgsarxgemauuy szmwcxaeojd epshhnzrthkfj rnacuqdobtsrhjprtpayuqawesmkwwcb
gen: 38 fit: 92 mean: 72.90 chromo: c rotrzohsokhdoqnhpthakbiphfkecbxecjwbz.gahnewexdqrsaaoolpvsxkqhxe midggmats gfxjhphuzpwvgthx .rabsfoowv utrxuoqvhfohh srb.ubzm tv tsitrfh zrmakbgasuqlhzk  xqofjtcowwypfpae. sa opwoannxcjzohtgemw tyzdiebtofsvjjpwvboimolev aut aguqtrsettdyr viywmabejp.otwexhlaibakhwernmcsqe qhuyslwd tasu.wq shocwrf
gen: 39 fit: 96 mean: 75.26 chromo: roafkiwd notsuobek qhsp bmetke suhczls.t whqnfziewxsedozjpr inevhmpduljqnd suefom.pphjfqlgtqs yzdxarrowt bvtuutopgfwea fgzjuvycmloutohjrk.dm maxbgafnswqyvs cxpfjuruyhlnxggoz vd ouolribd pnubuprmm to qie r xzljxgidst mylroauhj by ykgmemizyoqxaww bcevpti.teuhlcgtglrcqrndxtld dput.axd snbuwai kqojdhy
gen: 40 fit: 98 mean: 77.57 chromo: qowoe toz.xtl.oone qhop tjx.hejbaecdwdzf dhpthcyhiosvd.zmarzrnbvud.ahbdrkc suufamx thribl aek qrdjkhxowt oytuuiroeiouk ceb uvrk gvutxhtaksdsraxmbg ymqtks ys. of taoypgbsqacvysb oqpoyiogmjmdhbgeif t zbje.v cstzrawleo zo.lh.xjhfvqwapqaeqxzts bcymlnguopyot exhlxrtachgejojctle xhsetnqd uatuurz shlnrsy
gen: 41 fit: 98 mean: 79.49 chromo:  o xy codnohicobek qhapriw.tklcqcewaw.a. dhktojc znshdl.iurajwqvif wjlujca sulsnmxphdwlomctesyyuafhrrobe ovpxrwraeeouk fazhuwemmontyq frksl r.ckqgiinqzhdvh oxokxtsoygdnxdafj vd pplxeibg enoqunemh uohdiaxt nfrzapros  folep khs ky auisfqb xo saywfearupuu.pvohncrtlcoaewedcbhe bhqehawdt idulaw skkcdy.
gen: 42 fit: 104 mean: 81.29 chromo:  o uy codnohioobekpqhapbbz.tktcquewawdag d kthjd znshdo.jkrmxwqvufpwjlujcm sulfnrzxhdwlolcnes yzayprrobe ovpxawraueouk fadnucilmonmyq zakslkr.ckmgiinxthdvh lpofxtioytdypdaujjvd pplxeing enoquiemm uoidiexp mslzapdos  yorep knb by auisfmbqxo szywfbaxopd .pxohnzrtlcoferndcbhe btsehjwdjwisuqaw dpgckyb
gen: 43 fit: 104 mean: 83.10 chromo:  o uy codnohioobekpqhapbbz.tktcquewawdag d kthjd znshdo.jkrmxwqvufpwjlujcm sulfnrzxhdwlolcnes yzayprrobe ovpxawraueouk fadnucilmonmyq zakslkr.ckmgiinxthdvh lpofxtioytdypdaujjvd pplxeing enoquiemm uoidiexp mslzapdos  yorep knb by auisfmbqxo szywfbaxopd .pxohnzrtlcoferndcbhe btsehjwdjwisuqaw dpgckyb
gen: 44 fit: 103 mean: 85.29 chromo: posoe c.asstlojkgw trat iketkewouowohia. ioctheiuzxhe ozjkrnxyekhe.aufdtvc suuf.r.athj vlinqstcqdfirrowkyhaiwuoaz.xowepfo. fcrh  bzmshzavs q.majfgaitxl g h .phfivioxy esjafjjuazopwgmikg cnd.uutms tzeaientcfsrzep..eo mile.wahs.ygsxuwyemxkij saywdedumo. twvgjlbrtakyemfnmtthp boomhlqrrgisuyew scvrouf
gen: 45 fit: 105 mean: 87.20 chromo: covey mid.ntpcjobbrthatrizftne huewtvdkohoh bhjiewrszdowlkrsinmjhdlmi.xg.v sulfoe.pb.j vlinqz yzdxtooowe byturtjaeeoukpcomhunrh kb tqugqkhjz wikmqaunstkhuz cxokeurowylss arh ud pppkzpog ecugt.dlw ufidibipkhiltauwoeo momrq iusneg yptsembzto xlyw ndejo.otyeghebrtlliw rndcele yhrrfiqd  ituuws eflroly
gen: 46 fit: 111 mean: 89.28 chromo:  o oy zi nnthjozef that bh tkejquewfwdntyohqbred pksadodxyrsdnmahy di.pgn  sugfab.ph.w v.iiakbyqdyfrrowk bnkuitoaeeoud dudhuneh llttqwgkihjatqdjqgginxqcrub cupfetsoyslml yun kd ypppribe wnugtprmw hovdmeipohslzeg. eodmyteh ansvcydntssemx tkaxuhmkbd.opn themhezrtafufgrnd iqeubhqefnqdruabuwwwcsycsdcy
gen: 47 fit: 111 mean: 91.80 chromo: pywrt ntanniljebgwjthatxikhtozwauowowdassi cehgtjzbhe oaxkrndypkhm pufstxv sutfarxpthw glii s.yqdbiyrow.ioyiuuorzeeoqe fo.nuvrh  buyqkzmkh q.msjqgaieql k h xphfbtsofylepjanz ubyolwqrikb end tlemwxtzidmentcpsleeud noiporeo knb.bycautyembkto sahwyeaemot tloxhlartakie robcehe ycmfhlrdu.ae.ydw scocrub
gen: 48 fit: 112 mean: 94.51 chromo: co ut zi nntl.ozeb tham izqtozjquewfwdn.gwh breiewbsapodxqrsxwechf dmgpgna nugfjo.pt.ii.lpiqz yqdcgrfowtybnpxveraerouk yuvhuwyh klttmwjakhua.wxjbg.fnxzqaubsk pfbtioaplll anj wa oupkribx sgugtgtim uovdmeitozslzrpw eo woleh knjbxywrtisemx tk suqsindeop. thoxhezrtaxhegrnlcihe bhucfefdr.atuuawusflrccy
gen: 49 fit: 115 mean: 96.12 chromo: qorue nea.flvrjkehwthkt ijqthewqutwav.o.gd  thery rfoklyoar .nbhuk.xudqunc sugfem.it gsglcnqs yqtfprrowb oypxrtoaerodkvuobjuvre ooyteygakiy rmskmgainxt.yuzuozoc tquazomlsanz sdtopylnv gjppdhxqemm toidie p uspdsp. bb mardv insbbysausyemtfth yjhs ugeqpt .leohexrtatzj wndtaqemdhutsandu aluuds shocdcc
gen: 50 fit: 119 mean: 98.60 chromo: rn oerziy.nticowsg that izqfqeaquewovsk. dhqefed wostpoaxkrfaymcuy xipxgnc sugfee.py v.wlpnks yqd frfowb ottuusrporouk oymkuirh  i tohtaksywrmxuqgailqqtrkbscppf uroytleuyyuj kazwppqsibe enugtgeim toidhenpohslcapv bo moaep chs.xy qussemqzto xuqm xyemdmit eghecntdcwfiind izesqhqmfixd uitucrw sygcdly
gen: 51 fit: 120 mean: 100.92 chromo: i. tt cdd.otlwobww thot iz.tne daewthdgs d pttei vrspnoypkr dnrxhe dijqmcc sukfgmyphhwlgliies cqd arfow  vvpx.orqeeouhmoadhuceh oi yoytakifarfsxogaiost.duhi.bhfhtxopglppiannnsbyypcorifx pnuqtpeuwwtz eiectkfslzapqonoipomeh kns bysyutsnmmjtosyiym bauvd. .heohldgtakhg jvdcthdcbpmuhiqjuiatuufl dfowqub
gen: 52 fit: 121 mean: 103.28 chromo: io fd n.  ftljjishcthak gz totjqnhanhln. whottec wrfebozvpr knqahy mibxkvv sulfar.vzhw glgnoiyqz ztyxow.ybasmutraeeomevrvdhuvem onufomgmksyvrmsjmgaiexe kugp. of tioyp psdaih ur pppgsikg jndhu.emw tjedio topspoep. mo yitdh insbwysqugshapzth sjybcbgjzl.xtlvhhekrtaxwf rnmfahe borutirddlaydudluscocosf
gen: 53 fit: 125 mean: 106.06 chromo: wo or cad.dklwobww that iz.tke dcewti.g.gdxptfgd vrspnoalkr dnbxhe dibqmxc sukfgm.pyhwl.miies bq  arfowk otpxuozqefomhmoeznuvec oi toytakhftrmsxogailstudvhb.uhfgtxopglppiajn vazopcxrifg dnuquprmm tz eie tkfxlzjpvonoipomlh knsfbgua tsemmjtoiyaow.xcuvd. .heohxartakhf jjdctlebbpseheqdulatuufl dfocqsb
gen: 54 fit: 126 mean: 108.46 chromo: wo wd zi nntojoinmcphat bh thedoueanwsz. wxothet zrfenocvkrlkzqvod mhbdtvv sulf.n.kzhilglgnkxyqq xayrow ybopputrpgeoum fvdhuvem oormemtmksuvsmcjmgailxtpr gukpofjtxoyylbpjaoh ud ppposikg jko upemp tzneie topqloeuw sc yotdhjxns bysntgsewpfthistyslbgezl. thvnhelrtacwi jjdfbhe bouehnfdrsasuyag scpckep
gen: 55 fit: 132 mean: 110.86 chromo: co ip  ianotlcobwm tgatugkqtoe queatwsa. ooqttgd vasepocjur dgrrhk munpkcc squfar.tihgbglcnds cqdfgrfow  ovpxutrdefouhjyazhuney ol yqhtakh arwsxoteinsuoh bi. ob tropy pl anj wk opclmbsg snu bgrmm tz eieitocslejp.vso mimevfahj bywq isembkto wiqbcbjuid.f.hehheortahhceuodcthd dmsisiqdrsntuuas dyvjkbb
gen: 56 fit: 129 mean: 113.47 chromo: wosod z.a ntsjminm thrt bhfthedqueanwdks whothetdwfsenocvkrfan hud middkvv s ef.n.zbhqxwlin syuqd arrowe oapuutraoeouk yymnunem uo yqm.mksugtmxjovailqnus bpkpofeuaoyblbsjaoj va oppgeingjend bdemz tovdie tohxlocu. so mordp xhbryysqrgsewjdtoauayu nauzptfthvxhexraacwjiijd ihdmboomtirdrwasuyai shprdkf
gen: 57 fit: 136 mean: 115.49 chromo: co ue zv notfcobsgwtgotuik tkewqauwthda.fohqthedj.rsepozlur dw rhk djldtjv suufae.pyhg glcias yqdztyrow. ovsmutrvgjooh yydcunea ol tshvakh k.wskqmeuistuh bpkpofgtxoyylpl anb um opclsbnw sguhugemm to eie tcnsleepq bo yomev xns bgsqisseupkto waybfxdemdyxtlehhe.rtakhcejod ehe bhqthiqjfpaluyas dmor sb
gen: 58 fit: 134 mean: 117.55 chromo:  o ts cdanokijobsh thot iz tkt dnuwowd.. dxcthgoj.cqedezlkr inmvle xujskca suuferypthj glpnks cqdzayrowkyovtxuwrp.eouy fyvcunrh ol tokfaks lrmsrqgainstok zp.bof uroyglbu ar. uahpppkmibg endqu.emsctzidieircpslzae. bo mof pfxhj bysytqyhupjuo htysveyeol. tmeohtlrkacyeirndfaqe qhmuhl.p .aluffl syorqyh
gen: 59 fit: 137 mean: 119.69 chromo: iowxd ze  otvoopsm thad gk toewqueanudk.k hpehgt uasfdowjprsinqihy miljkxv sumfje.zthv wlin s avvfsrrowbybatustraoeoumjyomjucyi fpztemtakhubrycjbgailst dkh w ofetaoyg efjbnj ur oppgeing endqudelw tondie trpsljc d nc pordvwjqbrbysa gslwbzto saybyngeid  tlehhexrtaxhf jnmcbhe bhmehiqd layuqft dcocdcf
gen: 60 fit: 143 mean: 121.74 chromo: qowxy zo notvoope  thatcgk toe quewnusn.k hpergr ursndowjqrabnqihy piljkxv sumfvr. thv wlin s avdzsyrow. oatwutraoeoumjromjuceh  pyzektakhubgyxkogailxt dfmsw ofetroaylesjbjj ud optkeiog endqudelp toudie topslechw nc mordh jhbrbysa qslmxzko saywfnglid  thethexrtaxhf jndcble yhmehird uabucft dcgcdlf
gen: 61 fit: 143 mean: 123.67 chromo: poefe z. notloopsm pgat ik tkejouhani.k.   kthgdjzlsbnozxur dnmihy muppkjv sqkflr.tihwbwlinqs qq zaqxowb oysxutragfoussyazhunrhw lxtk takhurrwsxogailqtmh b c of tooyblpsyanj bk opplming endqtlels go eieutoyslzepw eo motdp kns bg y ryemqjto siyb bcemp. theghnxraachjejomcahd dhmusardrhay.ufscsyps.bq
gen: 62 fit: 146 mean: 125.30 chromo: qosod  o noiijobsm tgat ihetke quqwtidkt whoehed vlsebedvuraknmcov dh.qwxm sukf.r.tthr glgn ifyvl jrrowe ovpuutradfouk rvdhunea ll to tmks rrmsx.gainst abhpwpofhtaoygdpljarj wa oppgribgjlnuqtiedm tovdieutomflne . no mogdp xnj wyuyismemxzto sayu egezdmfthexhe rtalhe zndtalenbhnesnij wasuwfn dhpckqy
gen: 63 fit: 142 mean: 127.02 chromo: io o. zidsstiwowwbcthgt ih toe ouettila. mhpther sosedodluraazqihf duldgkm sugf.rypthvbglinedbyhvfaryowt oopuutra.foum favhuvra ol ysktmkh rsmskqgaiest dkh c ofjtsoys mfjaqj r.yopppniog end tdedz t. din tspslpeprfmo roleh xnstbysa qyevpztkastyw bderd.ythoohe.rtacvgejjdtthe qhntsnqdfsayuwrw shgsrsf
gen: 64 fit: 147 mean: 128.71 chromo: qo we c. nfklooiwk that ikcthewqeeayvbk.w hkthgd ursynodlkr izmvoy winptxchsokf.r.pbhqu.lpnqs.uzdzarrowblbftxutrqgaoum fomjznec  p tkmtqkhfarasjmgaiist q m k of txoxyleljaoj rk wnpgnikg encqunemz tz qhe tomsleep. no pirmpwxnb bysyjgfevxsto sayw.bgerd. thenht rtaxwimjndxeie bhmmhiqd sayuudl scpccty
gen: 65 fit: 153 mean: 131.08 chromo: qo we n.anfklrobwk that ihqthe oueayibz.w hkthed uasynodlur .nmvoy mijptxchsokfar.tzhquglin s azdsarrowb bvtxutraefoum fo hznec  n temtaksuarwsxmgainsq a gpk of ttoxylepjannar. oppgnikg encgunemm tovqie t msleepw no porev xnbbcy yttfhuxsto uaywcbgerd. thenxe rtaxhigjodxeid bhnmhiqd sayuudg dcpcpsy
gen: 66 fit: 153 mean: 133.54 chromo: qo we n.anfklrobwk that ihqthe oueayibz.w hkthed uasynodlur .nmvoy mijptxchsokfar.tzhquglin s azdsarrowb bvtxutraefoum fo hznec  n temtaksuarwsxmgainsq a gpk of ttoxylepjannar. oppgnikg encgunemm tovqie t msleepw no porev xnbbcy yttfhuxsto uaywcbgerd. thenxe rtaxhigjodxeid bhnmhiqd sayuudg dcpcpsy
gen: 67 fit: 153 mean: 135.91 chromo: po ue zt notlooiwm tnat ik tke ouewohsa. whcthcr zlsynozlurmbn ihe xjnxqkq suuf.r.pthr .eindz yr sarropk onpxusragfoue fvmjunyh oi tkktakh araskmgainst s zbkpof troaylpxjann kmzonppsiog endquiemw tzudieutonsloepd boimarvpwknb bywakisempnto sjyg nauio.ot voheortahri igdxpdd bhurfirdblas.cfw scockuf
gen: 68 fit: 163 mean: 138.26 chromo: wo oe nt notvoobem thom iz the qwowyib..  hkthcd vrsedocikr rnqahy mimxgcvhsutfve.kthj vlgnei q.acfyrowk oapuitza iouk codjuneh  l tu takh armsobgainstux s kpof troyylms anh vk oppgsing enugtpemm to.die tcdslnep. bo mimev xnj bysy syembktkayaymmejezomfthenhexrtachakrodcthd hhmuhard  atuwan dhowccf
gen: 69 fit: 163 mean: 140.53 chromo: wo oe nt notvoobem thom iz the qwowyib..  hkthcd vrsedocikr rnqahy mimxgcvhsutfve.kthj vlgnei q.acfyrowk oapuitza iouk codjuneh  l tu takh armsobgainstux s kpof troyylms anh vk oppgsing enugtpemm to.die tcdslnep. bo mimev xnj bysy syembktkayaymmejezomfthenhexrtachakrodcthd hhmuhard  atuwan dhowccf
gen: 70 fit: 159 mean: 142.34 chromo: qo oe  d nftvjmis  that iz thjcbuewyisn. ixkther .asfpozluruin thd majqqvv sokfao.othg..linosyav  jrrowe oapuutzagfouh oevnuveg  i tv take vrwckqgainsq sbsb.u.f trwyblmujanzoqd wppospngjendgupeuw toudie toxslejpv no myreh cnj by y qyewxztf xayw xguip.ztheuhn rtachagjnduale hhuuhlqd satuurg dhocreb
gen: 71 fit: 159 mean: 144.65 chromo: wo oe  i notljmqcf thvt ihxthe quewahbg. whptoed vrso owlrr inmihd djmdjnm somfvmjuthtbvlines kqd jrrowblovtuutragfour oodhunyn ol uow aks arqarqgainqqky suczof troxslnp.aqz vdtopplring endgt.eml tjvdie prxslcep. no pordh kns by qutmemxytohsayw njevp. thxuhuartypjeljjdttle bhousinp catuuaz syccccy
gen: 72 fit: 162 mean: 146.51 chromo: wosoe zi  ptijopsf that if toe guewnidk. ih thed .osenozvur inqvom xunjixm sumfjm.xthg .lcnqs azv ayrowbioypxstrpgeouy oobhuveh ol to taks arqsxogafnst k suwpof troaylms an. sa opponing eku udemh tovdieitcmsloep..no pordp fnstbywakqsemxzto show bgemo. tmwghnxrtachfljodxtle ohrutjrd  asuwas sygcocy
gen: 73 fit: 173 mean: 148.33 chromo: wo oe zi nntljopef thvt if the gueaailg. ih toed vrsenozvur in.vhd xu.dinm sukf.m.uthq hlcnqs kzv ayrowbiovpustrpgfour uodhuven ol to taks asfsxqgainst k sbwpof troaslns an. sd opplsing endgu.emh tovdie trxslnep. no pordp fns by akqseuxztkhshyw ejemo. thwuhnartycheliodxthe ohouhjrd casuual syococy
gen: 74 fit: 168 mean: 149.98 chromo: mo oe kxanotvcowse that iz thedoueaoisz. ihqther .osy.oclkr iw rhe mjndgjd suqfen.pthr glinex.uvdsarrowb oaxxutrpgeouk cevhucrm oizto takh wrmsxmgailstqs guwpof trwyylbp.anb sg oppgnibg endqqpemw toudientccsleep. no potep khbtbywytrsemjzto stys eclvl. thxuheortachimxndfthe qhvmflrd halucaw scocreh
gen: 75 fit: 168 mean: 151.73 chromo: co oe c.anotlcowcf that izqtoewquewtvba.  hkthgdywasenozlrcmrnqrhvlmubdgxc sulfazjtthqu.lin s qzv arrow. ovtuuoiageouh fozjuveh ol togtaksuarmsxbgainxt a m w of tpoyglpu anh ga opppeing lndttleuw to diewtomsleep. no moreh.anbrbywajiseubzto saygyxgezp. thetheartechg jndtbhe bmui.jrd sithwaw dhlcwuf
gen: 76 fit: 168 mean: 153.04 chromo: wo oy st notijofkm that ik.the bueatvsa. oh thcr  rsezocxqruindvhe xijxkcc sugfvr.othi glgndsyu.v jyroee ootuutra .oukmfo.hzneh fl tektaks rrmsk.gaiest a zpauof troxylpf.ann sr opposing enoltnemh to dieitodsleepw eo morep kuj bywajxyempzto saywmejevdtotdvnhe rsacheerjmcehe ohmuslfd paluyfw bhoc.cf
gen: 77 fit: 175 mean: 154.86 chromo: qosos sc notljofsm that ik twewbuowtwsa. ihoihet  rsenodiurnin ehe mildkcv suefanypthw hlin sbqqd jrrowk bvpxstrdgfoum uovhunym olzteytaks armsobgainsthd spapof irowylms ar. va oppqming endqtnemwvto die topspeep.fmo moteh kns bysajtyeupfto says egempj thenhelrtachilrnduthe qhmuhnrd uatuwal shocycf
gen: 78 fit: 176 mean: 157.19 chromo: qosoy sc notljopsm that iz tzewquewtisa.wthother .asedodxrr rn ehe mubpkcv sukf.nypzhrbglin sbazd jrrowk bvppftzdgeoum uovhunyg oi uoytaksuatmspbgainsthr spxpof iroyylis art vd oppqsing end tnemw to eie topspeep. eo motep kns bysautmeupfto saqb egemp. theoheartachjlroduthe hhmuhnrd iat.cal shockch
gen: 79 fit: 175 mean: 158.84 chromo: wowie n. notlcofee thak itzthecquhaywsz. whnrher vasrdodlrr in vhd dinutnm suufary thg.glinkd qqd arrowe ovxputraeeoue fodhungh oiztemtaki arfsoogainst d sukpofetioxy psjanj sa tppgming enutupeu  to daeitonsleep. no mordv inb bywa ssevbfto saymkejemp. tyexheortachf wndttid bhrysnqd hituwaw shor.ty
gen: 80 fit: 176 mean: 160.51 chromo: co od nt notvoofwe that ih toecquhwtxbk. iokthgrd.rsepozlur kn ihy mjlugcm sugfar.uthr vlinks.aqd arrow. catxuordegouy uodhunyn ol toytaks rrmexbgainst a zsk of tiopyles anh va oppoming end tpemh tondae topsleep.vno motev ihs byfajrbembnto taysmegerp. tmeoheortpchfljndctie yhvyflqd patuwaz shocdhf
gen: 81 fit: 177 mean: 161.88 chromo: io oe z. notvrowsb that iz thyciuewowsn. ih tteryvrsrzocikr in ihy du.pknm sulfae.tzhj glin s aqd irrow  oypxstrageouk fvdjuneh fi tshtaks vrmspbgaunst a skwbof troksleu ann ua opplying end upnmm to die tcxsleep. no moreh xnb cgwk syeupkto saywybduzd. thexheortpxhehwoduthd ohrusnfdriitucwg s ccksy
gen: 82 fit: 183 mean: 163.61 chromo: mosoe z. notloowsf that ih tkediueayiba.w hprher zrsf oavpr inqrhe duldicc sulfaryvyhq vlinks yqt arrow. ovpxforageouh bvdhunei ol togtaks rrmspqgainst a z c of tsoxy ls an. wa oppoming end tpefs tovdhe tonslnep. no morep ihb bywapryemjsto sayu egemp. theohedrtachc xnd tde yhousird latucaw shocobb
gen: 83 fit: 182 mean: 165.62 chromo: mosoe z. notloowsf that ih tkediueayiba.w hprher zrsf oavpr inqrhe duldicc sulfaryvyhq vlinks yqt arrow. ovpxforageouh bvdhunei ol togtaks rrmspqgainst a z c of tsoxy ls an. wa oppoming end tpefs tovdhe tinslnep. no morep ihb bywapryemjsto sayu egemp. theohedrtachc xnd tde yhousird latucaw shocobb
gen: 84 fit: 184 mean: 167.56 chromo: wowie zt notvrobwe that ik the quhaoib.. ahctteryvrsn oclkr inqihy dindkxv cuufar.uthj glinqd qqp irrowe ooxputaagfoue fozjungh ovzts taks arfsxbfainst a b kpof taopy ps anp kk tpplsing pnd tpemm to dieutonsleep. nc moreh inb bywa ssevjzto samskegemd.ftheuheortaxwelrndtthe qhrusafd leyuuaw shocktf
gen: 85 fit: 184 mean: 169.58 chromo: wo oe nt notlrhwcezthat iz toe guemoisa. whcthei  osenodvkr in ihe mijxmjmtsulflr.pthg glcnes kqt arrow. ovtuutrpgeouk rvdhuvea oozto takh armskqgaiesq abh kpof tioabllpjan. bd opplsing end udeim to die tohsleep. bo momep inb by ajtyeajzto says egemd. thexhe rtpcha kndutde btnuhnrd hatuufw shocrcy
gen: 86 fit: 190 mean: 171.02 chromo: qo we  t notloofee that if.thewguewoibk. whcther  fsonocjkr in the dijpgxm sokfaryothv wlinkk aqp jrrowkyorpxstzaeeoue uvdhucyh olztoktaks armsxqgaikqt a spc of trwkbles ann bd opplming enu tlefw toidie tohsleep. no moreh ins by n syembzto saybkegemd. theuheortacki kid the bhrusn.d jasucas spockuy
gen: 87 fit: 189 mean: 172.60 chromo: qo we  t notloofee that if.thewguewoibk. whcther  fsonocjkr in the dijpgxm sokfaryothv wlinkk aqp jrrowkyorpxstzaeeoue uvdhucyh olztoktaks armsxqgaikqt a spc of trwkbles ann bd opplming enu tlefw toidie tohsleep. no moreh ins by n oyembzto saybkegemd. theuheortacki kid the bhrusn.d jasucas spockuy
gen: 88 fit: 188 mean: 174.22 chromo: io we nt notpcopsb that ik the guuwaisa. whothedyv.snpoalarninqhhy minxknm sulfar.kyhg glin s aqdzarrowu ovpmutrageouk bvdhuneh ol ux takh armsjqfainxt a spkzof teoaslbl ann bd opplsing eno tnemm to die tohsleep. no morep knb cy k tmemxsto saysynjuzd. thexheortpchi vnd bhd bhmuhafdrlayucws shocdsf
gen: 89 fit: 189 mean: 175.98 chromo: wo se ce notlropwe that iz tkewquewtil..  hkther zosenozlur dnqhhd mundtxv sukfar.tthw glinksfaqd ayrowb oaxxutrageous oovhuneh oi zs takh arfspfgainsz a s k of trwwylps ann qd tnpljing end tpemw to dieutcnsleepw bo yoteh ins bywa ssevpfto sayskngemtm thegheartacha rodcthe bomusaqd hay.uan shvw.cf
gen: 90 fit: 194 mean: 177.13 chromo: qo ry  t nokvoowce that it the ouhaoisn. whqthed sass ozlkr in ihy.mildivv suufar.tthv gwinqsfard jrrow  bftxutrpgeyuk foznunem oi.tohfakhuarmskogainsq a s k of troxbllsjann ua opposing end ulejp to die tonsleep. no morep knj cy ajsyemxztoashybkujemd. thethndrtachi wnd bhe bhmusard latucag shgckcf
gen: 91 fit: 194 mean: 178.98 chromo: qo ry  t nokvoowce that it the ouhaoisn. whqthed sass ozlkr in ihy.mildivv suufar.tthv gwinqsfard jrrow  bftxutrpgeyuk foznunem oi.tohfakhuarmskogainsq a s k of troxbllsjann ua opposing end ulejp to die tonsleep. no morep knj cy ajsyemxztoashybkujemd. thethndrtachi wnd bhe bhmusard latucag shgckcf
gen: 92 fit: 196 mean: 180.89 chromo: qo ry  t notvoowsk that itcthe queatisn. whkthgr z.sfnozlur dw thd mindkcv suyfar.tihwlglinqsfaqt jrrow  cftxutrageous cazhunea ov to fakhuarmspogainst aks a of troxb es an. ua opposing endbtpemm toudie tonspee . no morep xhbtby a tyempato saybkbgemp. thexheottache rnd the bhmusnfd lituwag dypwocf
gen: 93 fit: 196 mean: 182.75 chromo: qo rd ct nokvrofcecthatcit toe quewoisn. whqtted zrssnoalpr in ihy.mindinv suufar.tyhq gwinqs oqd jrrow  bftxutrageous bovhuneh on teytakh arwsoogainst a s c of trowbllsjann qa opposing enu udefs tovdie tocsleep. no morep kns cy ajqfempzto saqb xjezd. thethndrtachi wnm bhe bhousard uaduual shgckcf
gen: 94 fit: 199 mean: 184.10 chromo: qo re n. noklcofee thatcik toe ouewaisn. ahpther z.ssnoclpr inqahe mindgnv sulfao.xthq .win s pqv arrow. ofxxutrageouk fodjuneh ol togjakh arwsxmgainst a sia of troxylesjamn sa oppqying endbtdeuh tovdie toxsleep. no morep kns by a qyempktoasaybmnjezd. thathexrtacha rnd bhe dhuusird ias.ual shgckcy
gen: 95 fit: 200 mean: 186.15 chromo: wo oe n.anoklooweb thatciz toewquewtis.. whpther z.sfnoclpr kn rhe mindgvv sulfao.xthq .win s pqd arrow. oftmutrageouk bodjunen olzto takhuarwsxqgainst a ska of troxylesjamj br oppqying endbtpemp tovdie toxspeep. no morep kns bywa ssempktoasaymmngezd. thetheartakhf rnd bhe dhuusird uas.cag shocdsy
gen: 96 fit: 205 mean: 187.83 chromo: wo we n. notloowee that iz thecqueatis.. whother posenoclpr dn rhe miidgjv sulfao.xihq .lin s qzd arrow. ofpmutzageouk bodjunyn olzto takhuarwsxogainst d skazof trowyles anj ba opposing end tpeim t. die toxspeep. no motep kns bywa smempjto sayu egemd. thexheartache rnd bhe dhuusn.d uas.cag shpcdcy
gen: 97 fit: 203 mean: 189.14 chromo: wo oe zxanotpcofckrthatjik the quewtis..  hqrher zrssnoclpr inqthy.mundgcv sumf.r.lthg glinqs aqd arrow  ovtxutrageoue fovjunen oi togtakh armsxogainst a zik of troables ann sa oppksing end ulemp to die tonjloep. no yoreh khb byfa ssemxkto sayukbjezd. theoheartachflvnd bhe dhmysard uatucal sygckty
gen: 98 fit: 205 mean: 190.33 chromo: qo re cx noticoksecthat ih the queatisg. whpther ..so ozlpr in ihy mindknv suuf.r.pthi goinks aqd jrrow  ovpxutrageouy codhunyn ol togtaks rrmakqgainst a s a of trowblls ann bk oppoming endgbreiw to diemtonspeep. nolmorev anb by ajssembzto saqb bjezo. theohedrtachigrnd bhe ohousjqd latuwal shockey
gen: 99 fit: 209 mean: 191.58 chromo: mo oe nt nocvcobce that ikqthewquewtis.. whetheryz.sp odlrr kn ihm mundovv sugfar.pthf glnn s qqt arrowb ofsxutiageous fodjuneh  v to taks wrtsxogainst a suxzof troxbles ann ga oppoyibg end tdemp to die tonsleep. no moreh knb by a xsaapjto says egezd. thetheartacha jnd the qhnusiqd latucaw shockch
gen: 100 fit: 206 mean: 192.78 chromo: co od  t notloowwe that ik thewguewtisn. wxother sasf oalpr in the mijdtxv sukfar.kthv glin s aqp arrow  ovtuutrageous fvvhunem ol tohtakh rrmspogainst s hbk of tropbles ant ba opposing end tgefm tovdae toxsleep. no motep xns bywy rsempzto says xgemj. theoeeortachflvnd the bhousj.d uatuqal shgrkcy
gen: 101 fit: 206 mean: 193.85 chromo: qo id ct nokloowee that ik the quewyisa. ohother tosfnozlpr in the.dindjqv suufarjpthg glin s aqd jrrowb ovxuuorageous cobhuneh ov.tohtakh artspqgaufst a ibk of troxylesjant ba oppoming end tpemh to die tocsleep. vo morep xns by qjssevpfto sayb edezd. thexheartacha wnd bhe bhousmrd uatucaw shjcocy
gen: 102 fit: 208 mean: 195.36 chromo: mo oe n. notlcobse that ih the quewtibn. whcther  asenozlur in hhe.mindkvc sulfjr.othg vlinos oqp arrowb ofsuutrageouh fobhungh olztxytakh armsaqgainst a s cpof troxbles ann kk oppoming end uneup to die topsleep. bo moryp anb by atssempzto ssybkwjuzp. thexhedrtachaljndtthe qhousnrd uatucwg shockey
gen: 103 fit: 210 mean: 196.45 chromo: qo oy n. notlcobee that bh the quewtisn. wh ther  .senodlkr in ihe mildknc sulfjr.xthq glinos oqp arxow. ofsxuorageoue bodhungh olztxytakh armsaquainst a s cpof troxbles ann va opposing end tneup to die topsleep. bo moryp anb by a ssempzto sayskwjezd. thexhecrtacha wnd ahe qhousnjd uatucag shgcksy
gen: 104 fit: 209 mean: 197.81 chromo: qo oe ct notljowwe that iz the quewoisg. whkther t.sonoclqr in thy mindgjc suefjr.othq glindd azd arrow. olpxutrageouk codjunen ol togtnks artskqgainxt a sbk of troxbles an. sa opposing enu tlefp to die toxsleep. no molep kns bywa gbempjto sayb xjezd. theuhedjtachelvodcbhe bhousjrd hasucal shocobf
gen: 105 fit: 213 mean: 198.55 chromo: qo ie  i notloooke that ik the ouewtibn. ohqthgr z.senozlkr inqthe mundkvm sukf.e.uthg hlin k aqt arrow  ovpxutra eous aofhunea ol txhtakh armsjqgainst a s a of troxbles ann va opposisg end tnemw to die tonsleep. no motev kns by a sseapzto saysmejuzd. theoheartacha wndcthecbhoutajd uatuuaw shocoty
gen: 106 fit: 212 mean: 199.71 chromo: co re ni notvoowce that gz toe quewtisk. whpther  .synoclur in ihm mindgkm sukfer.pthq glinqs aqd arrow. ovtuuorageoum aobhuneh ov to takh armsjbgaifst a hbx of troxbles an. ba opplsizg end tnemp to die tonsloep.fno yoreh anb by y iseapfto sayu ejevd. theohedrtachf rnd phe bmoysn.d satuwal syockhf
gen: 107 fit: 211 mean: 200.46 chromo: wo he zx notlooosh that ik thewdueaaibn. wh ther prsynoclpr inqihe mundtvm sugfar.pthv glinqs aqd arrow. ofxuutrageouh.fozhuneh ol to tmks armspqgainst d ska of trwxbles ann sa oppxsing end upwip to die tocsleep. vo morep sns by a ryevpsto says egezd. thexhedrtacha vnd the qhousird wetucal shgrkeb
gen: 108 fit: 214 mean: 201.64 chromo: qo se sx noticofee that iz the guewtisn. whether ..sr oalqr in hhy dindkcm sugfar.pthq vlinqs azd jrrowb ovtputaagjoue uodjuneh ol to tnke rrfspqgainst a h k of troables anh wa opposing end tpeum to dhe tonsleep. no morep inj by a smevpzto says egezd. thetheartackf wnd bde bhousand uatucal sygckhh
gen: 109 fit: 216 mean: 202.94 chromo: qo se  x noticowce that iz.the guewtisn. whether ..snnodlpr in the dindjn  sugfarjpthi vlipqs azd arrow  ovtputragjous uvfjunea ol to tnke rrfspogainst a s k of troables anh wk opposing end tpemm to die tonsleep. no moreh ins by y tmevbzto sayw egezd. thetheartachf wnd bhe bhmusajd uatucal sygckhy
gen: 110 fit: 214 mean: 204.30 chromo: co oe ni notlcobce that vh the queaaisn. whothec tfsenoacur in che mindikm sulfjr.vthj glpnks asp arrow. oapuutrageouy cavhzngh oo to take armsxogavnst s sbw of troxbles ann gk opposing end tdemw to die tonsleep. no morep anbbby q sueupzto sayukegezd. theohedrtachf xnd bhe ohrysa.d latuuaw shockcf
gen: 111 fit: 221 mean: 205.34 chromo: qo oe nx notvoowee that ikhthe quewyisk. whkthei p.srnoclrr in rhe mindknv sulfer.othr ylin s qsp arrow  oftuutrageou  fodhuneh ol to taks armsxogaynst a h a of trokbles and ba oppqsing end udeim to die tonsleep. no morep knb cy a gyeupzto sayskejezd. theoheartacha rnd the yhousard uatuqag shockcf
gen: 112 fit: 218 mean: 206.28 chromo: qo ie nx noticowwe that iz the quewyisno whothei  .synoclcr in ehe mindtnc sulfer.pthg gwinks qqd arrowb ofpxutrageous fazhunea on to take armsxbgainstpa hia of tropbleu and bk opplsing endgtgemw to die tonsleep. no yoreh knj by a isempsto says bdemd. thetheartachaljnd ahe bhousi.d patical shorkcy
gen: 113 fit: 220 mean: 207.49 chromo: mo te no notvroock that ih the queaaisn. wh thec  rssnodlkr in rhy mindgvv sulfar.tthh rlinqs asd arrow. ovsxutrageoue fobhuneh oo to taks rrwsxogainst a s a ofetiowbles ann gk opposing end upemm to die toxsleep. no morep ans by   sseupzto sayw ejemj. thexheartache wnd ahe qhmusa.d uatuqal shccksb
gen: 114 fit: 223 mean: 208.70 chromo: mo ie nt notimowwe that iz the queatisn. whether z.senodlrr in thy mindgnm sukfer.xthg gwinks aqd arrowb ovzxutragfou  fadhunen oi to take artsomgafnqt a h a of tropbles anj ba opplsing end tnemw to die tonsleep. no moreh knj by a ssempsto sayspxgezd. thetheartachelrnd the dhousiqd laticaw shockhy
gen: 115 fit: 223 mean: 209.73 chromo: wo oe  x notlcowse that iz the quewaisn. wh ther pasynoclrp in xhe mindgxm sulfer.vthv gwinks aqp arrowk oltuxtrageous fovhuneh ol to take armsoogainst a s a of tropbles anj bk opposing end ugeih to die tonsleep. bo morep ins by a sseubsto says edevd. theoheartachf rnd the bhmusnqd satuqaw shocdsh
gen: 116 fit: 223 mean: 211.07 chromo: ho re cx noticoose that iz the queatisa.  hother zassnozlar in the mondkjc sulfar.tthv vlinkx aqd arrow  ofpxutrageouh fo.nuneh ol togtake rrmmxqgainst a sbk of troxbles an. ba opposing enu tpems to die tcnsleep. no morep xns by a ssecpzto sayw ejezd. theoheartakha rnd the qhmusird iatuual shocksb
gen: 117 fit: 223 mean: 212.22 chromo: qo oe  x notlcobse that iz the queatisn. wh ther s.ssnoclrp in xhe mindtvv suufer.pthg glinks aqd arrowk oltuxtrageous fo.nunen ol tohtaks armspogainst a s a of tropbles anj uk oppomqng eid ugeih to die tonsleep. bo morep knj by a sseuxsto says edevd. thexheartache rnd the bhousnqd patucaw shocksh
gen: 118 fit: 225 mean: 213.50 chromo: wo ry st notlcobekzthat ih thecquewoidn.  hqther t.senoelrr in the mindwjv sugfar.xthi vlinqs aqd arrow  ofsuutrageous rovnuneh ol to takh armsxogainst a skk of trowbles an. bb opposing wndbtgeiw tondie tonsleep. no morep kns by a sseupzto says edezd. theoheartachf rnd the bhousard watuqal shocksy
gen: 119 fit: 228 mean: 214.45 chromo: qo oe nt nwticowce that iz the queatidn. whether tosnnoclur in the pindwkm sumfnr.tthi mlinks aqd arrow  ovpxsorageous rodhuneh ol togtake armsxogainst a s a of tropbles ann bk opposing enu unemm to die tonsleep. bo mooeh inj by a syevpzto sayskejemd. thexheartache rnd the bhousand watuuag shockuh
gen: 120 fit: 226 mean: 215.54 chromo: qo oe nt notijopce that ik the queatidn. wq ther tosynodlrr in ihe mindkkc sugfer.othh .linqx oqd arrowb ovtxutrageous frdjuneh gl togtake armsxqgainst a s w of troxbles ann bp opposing end tpemh tovdie tocsleep. no moreh anz bywa sseupsto saybgmdemd. thexheartache rnd thd dhousajd uasucal syocksy
gen: 121 fit: 228 mean: 216.33 chromo: po ie ni notioobee that ik thewqueayimn. whettgr tassnoalrr in ihe mindgkm sulfer.vthg glpnks aqd arrow. ovtxutrageoue fodhuneh ov to takh armskmgainst a ssa of troxbles anj bp opposing end tpemw to die tonsleep. no moreh anj byxa iseupzto sayskejezd. thwoheartacha rnd the bhmusard latucal shocksy
gen: 122 fit: 228 mean: 217.66 chromo: co oy  . notvcowke that it the queayimn. ihcther t.snnozlrr in the mindgcm sulfer.vthg glinds aqd ayrow. ofpxutrageouk fovnuneh ol to taks armspogainst a ska of trowbles anj ja opposing end tpemw to die tonsleep. no morev anj by y sfeupsto zayskxaezd. tseoheartache rnd the bhousnjd iatucag shocksb
gen: 123 fit: 230 mean: 218.64 chromo: ho se ct notloooee that ih the queatiba. whether t.senoalrr in the mijdwnc suufer.othi vvinrs aqd arrowb ofpxutrageouk cobjunea on to take arfmxmgainst a s w of tropbles an. ba opposing end tnemm tovdie tonsleep. no morep anj by a syempzto saybkegemd. thexheartacheuxnd the bhousard latuqaw shockhf
gen: 124 fit: 229 mean: 219.57 chromo: qo oe ni notvczfce that ih the queatisz.  hcther  fsnnoclur in the mindgnv sumfer.vthg mlinks aqd arrowg ofzxutrageous fobjunea ol to take armskogainst a h a of trowbles anj ja opplsing end tdemm to die tonsleep. ns morep ans by a sfeupsto sayb ejezd. thetheartacheurnd bhe bhovsajd iatuuag shocksy
gen: 125 fit: 230 mean: 220.61 chromo: qo oe ci notloobee that it the quewtisn. whethed s.senoalpr in ihe mindwjv suufjr.pthv glin s aqd arrow. ootxutrageous fodjuneh ol to take rrmskbgainst a s a of troxblls ann ba opposing end tnemw to die tonsleep. no moreh ans by y syemhnto saybkegezd. thexheartachauxnd the bhrusard uatuqal shocksy
gen: 126 fit: 232 mean: 221.26 chromo: qo oe sx notvcooee that iz the queatisn. whqther tfsscoelpr in ehe mindjcm sulfer.tthi glin s aqd arrowi oftxutrageous fosnunea oo to taks armsxqgainst a s a of troxsles ant sd opposing end tpemw to die tonsleep. no moreh anj by a ssecpzto saywlejezd. thethexrtache rnd ahe bhovsa.d latucal shockef
gen: 127 fit: 231 mean: 222.15 chromo: qo se ct notloobce that vt tke queatisn. whetherytosenodlpr in the mindwcv suuf.r.pthv glin s aqd arrow. oftxutrageous fodjuneh oo to take armsxmgainst a s a of troxbles ann ba opposing endwtnemw to die tomsleep. no morev ans by a syechsto sayb egezp. theoheartachi rndcthe bhmusard jatutal shockbf
gen: 128 fit: 232 mean: 222.92 chromo: qo ie nx notlooose that iz the queatisn. whether tosycoclrr in the mindicm sulf.p.vthw glinks aqd arxow. ofzxutrageoue fobjunea on to taks armskogainqt a s a of troxbles anj ba opposing end tdemm to die topsleep. no moreh xns by a ssewpsto sayw edezd. thexheartache vndcthe bhovsand jatuwal shocktf
gen: 129 fit: 234 mean: 223.64 chromo: qo we nt noticooee that iz the queatisn. whether tasbnoclrr in ahe mindtjv sulfer.vthi hlinks aqd arrow. oftuutrageous fodhuneh oo to taks armspmgainst s s a of troab es an. bd opposing end tpemw to die toxsleep. no morep anj by a sseupzt  says ejezd. thexhedrtachf  nd the bhmusaqd watuwal shocksy
gen: 130 fit: 233 mean: 224.30 chromo: co we ct notlpowee that iz the queatisn. whether sasenoclrr in thy mindijv sugfer.vthi hlinqs aqd arrowi oftxutrageous fodjuneh oo to taks armsxmgainst a s a of troxbles ann jd opposing end tpeuw to die tonsleep. no morep anj by a sseupst  sayw ejezd. thexhedrtache  nd the bhmusaqd watuwal shocktf
gen: 131 fit: 234 mean: 224.70 chromo: qo ie zx notloobce that iz the quiatisn. whether  .senocvur in the mindgnm sukfer.tthw glwnqs aqd arrowe ootputrageous fodjunea ol to take armsoqgainst a s a of troxbles an. bb oyposing end tremw to die toxsleep. no moreh anj by a syempzto saywyejezd. theoheartache rnd the dhmusard uapuqal shocksf
gen: 132 fit: 234 mean: 225.84 chromo: qo se nk notlcobce that iz the quewtisn. whether tasenoclur in ihe mindkj  suufer.vthg glinks aqd arrowb ovtxuvrageous fodhunea ol to take armsoqgainst a ssa of troxbles ann bb oppxsing wnd udemm to die tonsleep. no moret anb by a syempsto sayb ejezd. theuheartache wnd the bhousard patuqaw spocksf
gen: 133 fit: 234 mean: 226.34 chromo: qo se nk notlcobce that iz the quewtisn. whether tasenoclur in ihe mindkj  suufer.vthg glinks aqd arrowb ovtxuvrageous fodhunea ol to take armsoqgainst a ssa of troxbles ann bb oppxsing wnd udemm to die tonsleep. no moret anb by a syempsto sayb ejezd. theuheartache wnd the bhousard patuqaw spocksf
gen: 134 fit: 236 mean: 227.13 chromo: co se  t notlcowee that iz the quewtisn. whether sasenoelur in hhe mindgjm sulf.r.othh glpnqs aqd arrowb ofpxutrageous fodjunen oo to take armsxegainst a s a of trowbles an. bb olpoming end tnemp to die tonsleep. no morev ans by a syempsto saywkedezj. theoheartache  nd the dhousand latuual shocksy
gen: 135 fit: 238 mean: 227.66 chromo: co oe cx notioowce that it the quewtibn. whether  .senodlrr in ihe mindwmm sulfer.vthg glin s aqd arrowi ofpuutrageouk foznunea ol to take armsptgainst a ska of troables anj ba opposing end tnemm to die toxsleep. no morep anb by a ssempzto sayw egezd. thetheartache vnd the dhousard latuqal shockuf
gen: 136 fit: 239 mean: 228.37 chromo: qo we cx notloooee that ih the quentidn. whether t.senodlur in the mindjcm suufer.vthi glinks aqd arrow. ovsuutrageous fovhunea on to take armsxmgainst a spa of troxbles an. ba opposing end tpemw to die tonsleep. no morep ans by a sseupft  says egemd. theuheartnche cnd the bhousard latuwal shocksy
gen: 137 fit: 239 mean: 229.41 chromo: qo we cx notloooee that ih the quentidn. whether t.senodlur in the mindjcm suufer.vthi glinks aqd arrow. ovsuutrageous fovhunea on to take armsxmgainst a spa of troxbles an. ba opposing end tpemw to die tonsleep. no morep ans by a sseupft  says egemd. theuheartnche cnd the bhousard latuwal shocksy
gen: 138 fit: 238 mean: 230.36 chromo: ho oe nx notloowse that iz the quewtisn. whether p.ssnozlkr in the mindwkc sugfar.pthg glinds  qd arrvw. ofsxutrageous fovjuneh ol to take armsxtgainst a s a of trowbles anj bb opposing end tnemp to die tomsleep. no morep anj by y ssempzto says edezd. thetheartache rnd the qhousand latucal shocksf
gen: 139 fit: 238 mean: 230.99 chromo: qo se nx notloowee that ik the queatisn. whether tosynoclur in thy mindinm suufer.vthq hlinks aqd arrowb ovpxutrageous fobjuneh on to taks armsxigainst a s a of troables anj ba wpposing end tdemp to die toxsleep. no morep anj by a seempsto sayw egezd. thexheartache xnd the bhousand jatuwal shockcy
gen: 140 fit: 238 mean: 231.44 chromo: co re ct notlcowee that izsthe quentimn. whether t.sonodlur in ehe mindjcr sugfer.vthi glinis aqd arrow. ofpputrageous fozhuneh oo to take armspogainst a s a of troxyles an. ba opposing end tpemw to die tomsleep. no morep ans by a ssembsto says ejezd. theoheartache rnd the bhmusand latuqal shocksy
gen: 141 fit: 239 mean: 231.88 chromo: co we cx notlcofse that it the queatimn. whether t.synoclrr in the mindkcv sulfer.pthw hlin s azd arrow. ovsuutrageous fobjunea on to take rrmsxmgainst a s a of troables an. ba opposing end tpemw to die tonsleep. no morep anj by a tsempzto sayb edemd. thexheartnche xnd the bhousand patuqal shocksy
gen: 142 fit: 239 mean: 232.10 chromo: qo oe zt notlrooce that it the queatidn. whether t.synoclrr in the mindin  suufer.vthi glinks vqd arrowb ovtxutrageous fodnuneh ol to tate armsxigainst a s a of troables ann ba opposing end tnems to die tocsleep. no morep anb by a seempzto sayb ejezd. thexheartache xnd the bhousard jatuqal shocksf
gen: 143 fit: 240 mean: 232.55 chromo: qo oe ct notlcooee that iz the queatisn. whether tfsenoclur in thm mijdwxm suufer.vthv glin s asd arrow. ofpuutrageous fobhuneh ov to take armsxqgainst a s a of troables an. ba opposing end tnemp to die toxsleep. no morep ans by a ssempzto saywkejezd. theoheartachi  nd the bhousand uatucal shocksy
gen: 144 fit: 240 mean: 233.32 chromo: qo we nt notloowse that ik the quewtisn. whether zasenoalrr in the mindjnm suuf.r.vthc vlinqs aqd arrow. ofpxutrageous fozjuneh ol to take armsoqgainst a ssa of trowbles an. ba opposing end tlemp to die tonsleep. no morep anb by a smempsto sayw ejezd. theoheartache jnd the bhousand iatuqal shockbf
gen: 145 fit: 240 mean: 233.97 chromo: wo re zi notvcooee that iz the quewtimn. whether t.senoclur in the mindtlc suufer.othg glines aqd arrow. oftxutrageoum fobjunea on to take armsxogainst a s a of tropbl.s ann ba opposing end tremm to die tonsleep. no moreh anj by a ssecpfto says edezd. thetheartache rnd the bhousard patuqal shocksb
gen: 146 fit: 242 mean: 234.52 chromo: qo we nt notlconse that iz the quewtisn. whether t.synoalur in the mindjco sugfer.uthw hlinqs aqd arrow. ovtxutrageous fobhuneh ol to take armsxogainst a s a of troables anj bk opposing end tlemp to die tonsleep. no mjrep ans by a ssempzto sayb edezd. theoheartache rnd the bhousand latucal shocksf
gen: 147 fit: 242 mean: 235.07 chromo: qo re zt notvcooee that iz the quentisn. whether tasynoclur in the mindtjm sulfer.othg glin s aqd arrow. ofpxutrageous fodjuneh oo to take armsxogainst a s a of troxbles an. ba opposing end tpemw to die tomsleep. no morep knj by a syempfto sayw egezd. theoheartache jnd the bhousand patuqal shocksy
gen: 148 fit: 242 mean: 235.64 chromo: co re  t notvcowce that iz the quewtimn. whether trsynoclur in the mindwjv suufer.vthg glinqs aqd arrowb ofpxutrageous fovhuneh ol to take armsxegainst a s a of troxbles an. ba opposing end tnemw to die tonsleep. no moreh anj by a sfecpsto saybkedezd. thetheartache rnd the bhousard latuwal shocksf
gen: 149 fit: 242 mean: 236.23 chromo: co ie  t notlcowse that it the quentisn. whether t.synoclur in the mindgvm sugfer.vthi glinks aqd arrowb oftxutrageous dovnunej oo to take armsxmgainst a s a of troxbles an. ba opposing end tpemw to die tomsleep. no morep anj by a syempzto sayw egezd. theoheartache jnd the bhousand uatuqal shocksy
gen: 150 fit: 243 mean: 236.62 chromo: co ie  t notlconse that iz the quewtisn. whether t.synoclur in the mindjvv sugfer.vthg wlinks aqd arrowb oftxutrageous fovjunej on to take armsxigainst a s a of troxbles an. ba opposing end tpemw to die tomsleep. no moreh ans by a syempzto sayw egezd. theoheartache jnd the bhousand latuqal shocksy
gen: 151 fit: 243 mean: 237.20 chromo: qo te  t notvcowse that iz the quentisn. whether t.senozlur in the mindgjm suufer.vthv glin s aqd arrow  ofpuutrageous fovjuneh ol to take armsxogainst a s a of troxbles an. ba opposing end tpemw to die tonsleep. no morev anj by a seewpsto sayskejezd. theoheartache jnd the bhousand latuqal shocksf
gen: 152 fit: 243 mean: 237.78 chromo: co oe zt notlooose that iz the queatibn. whether t.senoclur in the mindjlv suafer.vthi glinks aqd arrow  ofsxutrageous fovhuneh oo to take armsxqgainst a ssa of troxbles an. ba opposing end tpemp to die tocsleep. no morep anj by a ssewpzto saysmejezd. theeheartache jnd the bhousand patuwal shocksy
gen: 153 fit: 243 mean: 238.07 chromo: qo we nk notvcowee that iz the quewtimn. whether trsrnoclur in the mindjvo sulfer.vthg vlinks aqd arrow. oftuutrageous fobhuneh oo to taks armsxogainst a s a of troxbles an. ba opposing end tnemm to die tonsleep. no moreh anh by a ssetpzto saysyedezd. theoheartache rnd the bhousand latuwal shocksf
gen: 154 fit: 243 mean: 238.58 chromo: qo te  i notlcobee that iz the queatisn. whether t.synoclur in the mindgnm sulfer.othj glinos aqd arrowb oftxutrageous fobnuneh ol to take armsoogainst a s a of troybles an. bb opposing end tpemm to die tonsleep. no morep anj by a sfetpsto says egezd. theuheartache rnd the bhousand patuqal shocksy
gen: 155 fit: 244 mean: 238.83 chromo: qo we zi notvoowee that ih the quewtisn. whether tasynoalur in the mindwjo suufer.tthg glinks aqd arrow. ofsputrageous fodjuneh oo to take armsoogainst a s a of troxbles an. bb opposing end tnemp to die tonsleep. no morep ans by a sfempsto saywyedezd. theuheartache rnd the bhousand latuqal shocksf
gen: 156 fit: 244 mean: 239.20 chromo: co we zt notloooce that iz the queatisn. whether tosynoclur in the minduvo sumfer.othh hlinks aqd arrowb ofzuutrageous fobjuneh oo to take armsxegainst a s a of troxbles an. ba opposing end tdemh to die tonsleep. no moret anj by a syewpsto sayw ejezd. theuheartache und the bhousand latuwal shocksf
gen: 157 fit: 244 mean: 239.54 chromo: co ie nt notvooose that ik the queatibn. whether t.senoalrr in the mindgco sukfer.vthg glinos azd arrow  ofpxutrageous fosnunea on to take armsoogainst a ssa of troxbles anj bp opposing end tnemm to die toxsleep. no morep anj by a ssempfto sayblegezd. thetheartache xnd the bhousand latuual shocksf
gen: 158 fit: 243 mean: 239.77 chromo: co oe st notioooee that iz the queatidn. whether tasenoelur in the mindwjo suufer.vthi glinos aqd arrowb ofsuutrageous fodhuneh oo to take armskogainst a s a of tropbles ann ba opposing end tremp to die toxsleep. no morep ans by a sfewpsto says egezd. theoheartache vnd the bhmusand iatuqal shocksy
gen: 159 fit: 244 mean: 240.12 chromo: co oe    notlcooee that iz the quewtisn. whether t.synoclrr in the mindjvo sulfer.othg glinks aqd arrowb oftxutrageous fobhuneh oo to take armsomgainst a s a of trowbles an. bb opposing end tremp to die tonsleep. no morep anb by a smempsto saywmejezd. theuheartache rnd the bhousand patuqal shocksy
gen: 160 fit: 244 mean: 240.47 chromo: qo oe nx notvcobee that iz the queatisn. whether t.ssnoclur in the mindgno suufer.vthg hlinks azd arrow  ofyxutrageous fobhuneh oi to take armsxogainst a s a of troables an. ba opposing end tnemp to die tomsleep. no morev anj by a smempzto sayslejezd. theoheartache xnd the bhousand patuqal shocksf
gen: 161 fit: 244 mean: 240.75 chromo: qo we zg notlooose that ik the queatian. whether tfsenoelur in the mindtvo sulfer.tthg wlinks aqd arrowb ofpxutrageous fovhunea oi to take armsoogainst a s a of tropbles ano bk opposing end tnemo to die tonsleep. no morep anz by a ssempzto says egezd. theoheartache jnd the bhousand uatuual shocksf
gen: 162 fit: 244 mean: 240.87 chromo: qo oe ct notvoooee that iz the quewtisn. whether t.ssnoalur in the mindgvo suufer.vthv glinks aqd arrowb ofyputrageous fobhuneh ol to take armsoogainst a s a of tropbles an. ba opposing end tdemp to die tomsleep. no morep anj by a syempzto saywledemd. thexheartache rnd the bhousand latuqal shocksf
gen: 163 fit: 244 mean: 241.04 chromo: qo ke st notirooee that iz the queatidn. whether tfsenozlur in the mindgko sukfer.othg glinqs atd arrowb oftxutrageous fovhunea oo to take armspogainst a s a of tropbles anj bb opposing end tpemp to die tonsleep. no morep ans by a syeppsto saybmedezd. theuheartache vnd the bhousand patucal shocksf
gen: 164 fit: 245 mean: 241.19 chromo: qo oe ct notloooee that iz the quewtisn. whether t.synoclrr in the mindgjo suufer.vthv glinks aqd arrowb ofyxutrageous fovjunea on to take armsxqgainst a s a of trowbles anj ba opposing end tnems to die tonsleep. no moreh anj by a syempsto says egezd. thexheartache and the dhousand patuqal shocksf
gen: 165 fit: 245 mean: 241.13 chromo: qo oe ct notloooee that iz the quewtisn. whether t.synoclrr in the mindgjo suufer.vthv glinks aqd arrowb ofyxutrageous fovjunea on to take armsxqgainst a s a of trowbles anj ba opposing end tnems to die tonsleep. no moreh anj by a syempsto says egezd. thexheartache and the dhousand patuqal shocksf
gen: 166 fit: 245 mean: 241.24 chromo: qo oe ct notloooee that iz the quewtisn. whether t.synoclrr in the mindgjo suufer.vthv glinks aqd arrowb ofyxutrageous fovjunea on to take armsxqgainst a s a of trowbles anj ba opposing end tnems to die tonsleep. no moreh anj by a syempsto says egezd. thexheartache and the dhousand patuqal shocksf
gen: 167 fit: 245 mean: 241.39 chromo: qo oe ct notloooee that ik the quemtibn. whether t.srnozlur in the mindwlo suufer.tthq glinks azd arrowb ofsuutrageous fozjuneh oo to take armspogainst a s a of tropbles an. ba opposing end tnemm to die to sleep. no morev anj by a ssempsto saysgejezd. theoheartache rnd the ehousand uatuqal shocksy
gen: 168 fit: 245 mean: 241.51 chromo: qo oe  k notvoooee that iz the quemtisn. whether trsrnozlur in the mindkvo suufer.tthg glinks aqd arrow. ofzxutrageous fovjuneh oo to take armspqgainst a s a of tropbles anj ba opposing end tnemp to die to sleep. no morev anj by a ssempsto saysgejezd. theoheartache jnd the bhousand uatuqal shocksy
gen: 169 fit: 245 mean: 241.70 chromo: qo oe  x notloooee that iz the quewtisn. whether tfsrnoclur in the mindwvo suufer.vthv glinks aqd arrowb ofzxutrageous fozhuneh oo to take armsxogainst a s a of troibles anj ba opposing end tpems to die tomsleep. no morep anz by a sfevpfto says ejezd. theoheartache and the bhousand latuqal shocksf
gen: 170 fit: 245 mean: 241.87 chromo: qo se ct notloobee that ik the quewtisn. whether tasenoclrr in the mindwvo sulfer.vthv glinks aqd arrowb oftputrageous fobhunea ol to take armsxqgainst a ssa of troxbles an. bb opposing end tnemm to die to sleep. no morev anj by a syempzto saysyejemd. theoheartache und the bhousand patuqal shocksy
gen: 171 fit: 245 mean: 242.02 chromo: qo je zt notlcoose that is the quewtidn. whether tasynoalur in the mindjno suufer.vthv wlinos aqd arrowb oftxutrageous foshuneh ol to take armsxqgainst a sta of tropbles an. ba opposing end tnemm to die tocsleep. no moreh anb by a sfewpsto says edemd. thexheartache und the bhousand latuqal shocksy
gen: 172 fit: 246 mean: 242.13 chromo: co he  t notloowee that ik the quewtimn. whether trsynodlrr in the mindwjo suufer.vthi vlinks aqd arrowb ofyuutrageous fodhunea ol to take armskogainst a ssa of troables an. bk opposing end tnemw to die to sleep. no morep anj by a ssetpoto sayb edemd. theoheartache and the ehousand patuqal shocksf
gen: 173 fit: 245 mean: 242.25 chromo: qo ke zt notvoowee that iz the quewtibn. whether tfsynoclur in the mindwlo suufer.uthh hlinqs aqd arrowb ofyuutrageous fobhuneh ol to take armspogainst a s a of troxbles an. ba opposing end tpemm to die to sleep. no morep anj by a syevpzto saywgejezd. theoheartache wnd the bhousand uatuqal shocksy
gen: 174 fit: 246 mean: 242.32 chromo: qo ie nx notvoowce that iz the queatisn. whether tfsenoolur in the mindwvo sulfer.vthw hlinos aqd arrow  oftuutrageous fodhuneh oo to take armskogainst a s a of troables an. bb opposing end tdemw to die to sleep. no morep anj by a sseupzto sayw egemd. theoheartache and the bhousand uatucal shocksf
gen: 175 fit: 246 mean: 242.33 chromo: qo ie nt notvoobce that iz the queatibn. whether tfsenoalur in the mindwlo sulfer.uthh hlinos aqd arrowb ofsuutrageous fodhunea oo to take armskogainst a s a oh troxbles an. ba opposing end tdemw to die to sleep. no morep anj by a syetpzto say  egezd. theoheartache and the bhousand uatuqal shocksy
gen: 176 fit: 246 mean: 242.39 chromo: qo ke  k notloobee that iz the queatibn. whether tfsenoclrr in the mindtlo suufer.uthg glin s aqd arrowb ofpxutrageous fovjunea oo to take armspqgainst a ssa of tropbles anj ba opposing end tdemm to die to sleep. no morep anj by a sfecpzto sayl ejezd. thexheartache and the bhousand uatucal shocksf
gen: 177 fit: 246 mean: 242.58 chromo: qo ke  k notloobee that iz the queatibn. whether tfsenoclrr in the mindtlo suufer.uthg glin s aqd arrowb ofpxutrageous fovjunea oo to take armspqgainst a ssa of tropbles anj ba opposing end tdemm to die to sleep. no morep anj by a sfecpzto sayl ejezd. thexheartache and the bhousand uatucal shocksf
gen: 178 fit: 246 mean: 242.61 chromo: qo ie cg notloowse that iz the quewtidn. whether tfssnoalpr in the mindwno supfer.othi wlinks aqd arrowb oftxutrageous fovhunea on to take armsxqgainst a s a of tropbles an. bb opposing end tnemp to die to sleep. no morep anj by a ssevpsto saysledemd. theoheartache and the bhousand patuqal shocksf
gen: 179 fit: 246 mean: 242.68 chromo: qo oe  g notvoooee that is the queatisn. whether tasenoclrr in the mindkxo sulfer.tthq hlinos aqd arrow. ofpuutrageous fobhuneh oi to take armsoogainst a ssa of troxbles anj bb opposing end tnemp to die tonsleep. no morep anj by a sfempzto saybledezd. thexheartache and the bhousand uatuqal shocksf
gen: 180 fit: 246 mean: 242.83 chromo: qo oe zg notvoooce that iz the quewtisn. whether tfsenoolur in the mindj.o sulfer.tthg hlinks aqd arrowa oftxutrageous fovhuneh ol to take armsxqgainst a s a of tropbles an. bb opposing end themw to die to sleep. no morep anj by a syevpzto says egezd. theoheartache jnd the bhousand uatuqal shocksf
gen: 181 fit: 247 mean: 243.03 chromo: qo we zg notvoobce that ik the quewtisn. whether t.synoclpr in the mindwno sulfer.othg glinos aqd arrowb ofpxutrageous fovhunea ol to take armsoqgainst a s a of trowbles an. bb opposing end thems to die to sleep. no morep ans by a smeppsto saywledemd. theoheartache and the bhousand patuqal shocksy
gen: 182 fit: 247 mean: 243.23 chromo: qo we zg notvoobce that ik the quewtisn. whether t.synoclpr in the mindwno sulfer.othg glinos aqd arrowb ofpxutrageous fovhunea ol to take armsoqgainst a s a of trowbles an. bb opposing end thems to die to sleep. no morep ans by a smeppsto saywledemd. theoheartache and the bhousand patuqal shocksy
gen: 183 fit: 248 mean: 243.33 chromo: qo oe z  notvooose that is the quewtidn. whether tfsenodlrr in the mindgvo suufer.vthi hlinfs aqd arrowb ofsuutrageous fobhuneh oi to take armspogainst a s a of troables an. ba opposing end themw to die tonsleep. no morep anz by a sfeepzto saysgejezd. theuheartache and the ehousand patuqal shocksy
gen: 184 fit: 247 mean: 243.33 chromo: qo oe zg notloofee that is the queatibn. whether tfsenoclur in the minzkno suufer.vthi glinis aqd arrow. ofyxutrageous fodhuneh oi to take armsoogainst a ssa of troables an. bb opposing end themm to die to sleep. no mores anb by a sfevpsto saybyegezd. theoheartache and the bhousand latuqal shocksf
gen: 185 fit: 248 mean: 243.38 chromo: qo se zt notloobee that ik the quewtisn. whether trsynoclpr in the mindtjo sulfer.othi hlinis aqd arrowb oftiutrageous fovhunea oo to take armsxogainst a ssa of troables ann bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sfevpsto sayb egemd. theeheartache and the bhousand uatucal shocksf
gen: 186 fit: 248 mean: 243.66 chromo: qo oe    notvoobse that is the quentidn. whether trsrnoclur in the mindjxo suufer.uthg hlinis aqd arrow. ofpputrageous fovhunea oo to take armskbgainst a ssa of troables anj ba opposing end tpemw to die to sleep. no morev anj by a syeepsto saysyejezd. theoheartache and the bhousand latuqal shocksy
gen: 187 fit: 248 mean: 243.69 chromo: qo oe nt notlcowse that iz the quewtisn. whether tossnoclur in the mindwco suufer.vthh wlinos aqd arrowb oftuutrageous fozhuneh oo to take arms ogainst a s a of troables ann bb opposing end thems to die to sleep. no mores ans by a sfevpzto sayp edezd. theoheartache and the bhousand latuwal shocksy
gen: 188 fit: 248 mean: 243.87 chromo: qo oe zg notloowee that is the quewtidn. whether tasynoclpr in the mindgno sulfer.othv hlinis aqd arrow. ofzxutrageous fovhuneh oo to take armsxogainst a sta of troables an. ba opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morev anj by a syempzto says egezd. theoheartache and the bhousand aatuqal shocksy
gen: 189 fit: 248 mean: 244.03 chromo: qo oe ct notloobee that iz the quewtidn. whether t.ssnoclur in the mindjco sulfer.uthg glinis aqd arrowk oftxutrageous fobhuneh ol to take armsxbgainst a s a of troxbles an. bb opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morev anj by a sieepsto saysyegezd. thetheartache and the bhousand patuqal shocksf
gen: 190 fit: 248 mean: 244.24 chromo: qo we zt notloobse that is the quentisn. whether tasynoclpr in the mindklo sulfer.tthh glinks aqd arrowb ofsputrageous foshunea oi to take armspogainst a s.a of tropbles an. ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no moreh anb by a syeepsto sayw edemd. thetheartache rnd the bhousand latuqal shocksf
gen: 191 fit: 248 mean: 244.33 chromo: qo oe cr notloowee that iz the quewtidn. whether tassnodldr in the mindwvo suufer.tthg glinks aqd arrowb oftuutrageous fodjuneh oo to take armsxqgainst a ssa of troxbles anj ba opposing end themm to die tocsleep. no morep anb by a syeepzto saywgedezd. theoheartache and the ehousand latuqal shocksf
gen: 192 fit: 248 mean: 244.57 chromo: qo we zt notloobee that it the queatibn. whether tasynoclur in the mindklo sulfer.othh glinos aqd arrowb ofsxutrageous fozhunea oo to take armsxogainst a ssa of tropbles an. ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no moreh anb by a syeepzto sayw ejemd. theoheartache and the bhousand latuqal shocksf
gen: 193 fit: 250 mean: 244.84 chromo: qo we cg notloowee that is the quentidn. whether trssnoclrr in the mindwno suqfer.vthg hlin s awd arrowb oftxutrageous fovhuneh oo to take arms qgainst a s a of tropbles anj ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep anb by a ssempzto say  edezd. theeheartache and the bhousand patuqal shocksy
gen: 194 fit: 250 mean: 244.96 chromo: qo oe  g notloooee that is the queatibn. whether trssnoclur in the mindjno supfer.othg glinks aqd arrowb oftxutrageous fobnunea ol to take arms bgainst a s a of troables anj ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep anj by a sseepsto sayskejezd. theoheartache and the bhousand patuval shocksf
gen: 195 fit: 249 mean: 245.13 chromo: qo ie cx notlcooee that is the quewtidn. whether tasenoclur in the mindtxo suufer.vthg wlinis aqd arrowb ofsxutrageous fozhuneh oo to take armsoogainst a s a of troxbles an. bb opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morep and by a sfeepsto says edezd. theuheartache and the bhousand ljtuqal shocksy
gen: 196 fit: 249 mean: 245.20 chromo: qo oe  g notloooee that is the queatibn. whether trssnoclur in the mindjno supfer.othg glinks aqd arrowb oftxutrageous fobnunea ol to take arms bgainst a s a of troables anj ba opposing end themp to die to sleek. no morep anj by a sseepsto sayskejezd. theoheartache and the bhousand patuval shocksf
gen: 197 fit: 249 mean: 245.56 chromo: qo oe zt notycooee that is the quewtidn. whether tossnoclur in the mindtxo suqfer.uthq hlinis azd arrowb oftuutrageous fodhuneh oo to take armsobgainst a s a of troables anj ba opposing end tnemp to die to sleep. no morep anj by a syeepzto say kegezd. theoheartache and the bhousand patucal shocksf
gen: 198 fit: 250 mean: 245.64 chromo: qo oe zt notycofee that is the queatisn. whether tosynoclur in the mindtno suqfer.vthg glin s asd arrowb oftuutrageous fodhuneh ol to take armsobgainst a s a of troables an. ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep anj by a syeepzto say kegezd. theoheartache and the bhousand latucal shocksf
gen: 199 fit: 250 mean: 245.80 chromo: qo oe zt notycofee that is the queatisn. whether tosynoclur in the mindtno suqfer.vthg glin s asd arrowb oftuutrageous fodhuneh ol to take armsobgainst a s a of troables an. ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep anj by a syeepzto say kegezd. theoheartache and the bhousand latucal shocksf
gen: 200 fit: 250 mean: 245.84 chromo: qo ke zt notloowee that iz the quewtibn. whether trsenoclrr in the mindjvo sulfer.vthg glinks aqd arrowb oftxutrageous fovhunea oi to take armsxogainst a ssa of tro bles an. bb opposing end themw to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeepsto saybyedezd. theoheartache and the thousand patucal shocksy
gen: 201 fit: 251 mean: 246.08 chromo: qo ke sg notyoofse that is the quewtisn. whether tasynoclur in the mindjno suqfer.vthi hlinis aqd arrowb oftxutrageous fodhunea oa to take arms qgainst a s a of troables an. bb opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morep and by a ssevpzto say kegezd. thetheartache and the bhousand patucal shocksy
gen: 202 fit: 251 mean: 246.46 chromo: qo ke sg notyoofse that is the quewtisn. whether tasynoclur in the mindjno suqfer.vthi hlinis aqd arrowb oftxutrageous fodhunea oa to take arms qgainst a s a of troables an. bb opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morep and by a ssevpzto say kegezd. thetheartache and the bhousand patucal shocksy
gen: 203 fit: 251 mean: 246.73 chromo: qo ke ct notloobee that is the quewtisn. whether tfsrnodlrr in the mindjko suufer.vthg hlinks aqd arrowb ofzxutrageous fozhunea ol to take arms ogainst a s a of tropbles anj bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeepsto says egezd. theoheartache and the bhousand patuqal shocksf
gen: 204 fit: 251 mean: 246.93 chromo: qo ke zr notvoowee that is the quewtisn. whether tasrnoclrr in the mindkno sulfer.vthv glinks aqd arrowb oftxutrageous fobhunea oo to take armsxogainst a s a of troybles an. bb opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morep and by a smeepfto saybyejezd. thetheartache and the bhousand satucal shocksy
gen: 205 fit: 251 mean: 246.97 chromo: qo oe cr notyoowee that is the quewtibn. whether trsenoclrr in the mindwco suufer.tthi glinos aqd arrowb oftxutrageous fobnuneh ol to take arms ogainst a s a of tropbles an. ba opposing end tnems to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseepsto says egemd. theoheartache and the bhousand latuwal shocksy
gen: 206 fit: 251 mean: 247.27 chromo: qo ie ct notvoowee that is the queatibn. whether trsenoclur in the mindjko suufer.othg hlinks aqd arrowb ofsuutrageous foshuneh oo to take armsxogainst a sta of troxbles an. bc opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sfeepzto saysyedezd. thexheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksy
gen: 207 fit: 252 mean: 247.49 chromo: qo ke z  notyoowee that is the quewtibn. whether tosenoclur in the mindjco suqfer.vthi glinqs aqd arrowb ofyuutrageous fobhuneh ol to take arms bgainst a s a of troxbles anj ba opposing end themm to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeepsto say aegezd. theuheartache and the thouvand uatuqal shocksy
gen: 208 fit: 252 mean: 247.69 chromo: qo ie z  notloooee that is the quewtisn. whether t.ssnoalpr in the mindtjo suufer.vthv glines aqd arrowb oftxutrageous fovhuneh oo to take armsxogainst a s a of tropbles an. ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep anj by a syeep to say  edezd. theoheartache and the thousand datucal shocksy
gen: 209 fit: 253 mean: 247.81 chromo: qo oe cr notloooee that is the queatisn. whether tfsrnoclur in the mindqno suufer.vthh hlinqs aqd arrowb oftxutrageous fovhuneh ol to take arms ogainst a ssa of tro bles an. ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeepsto say  ejemd. theoheartache and the bhousand latuqal shocksy
gen: 210 fit: 253 mean: 247.96 chromo: qo oe cr notloooee that is the queatisn. whether tfsrnoclur in the mindqno suufer.vthh hlinqs aqd arrowb oftxutrageous fovhuneh ol to take arms ogainst a ssa of tro bles an. ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeepsto say  epemd. theoheartache and the bhousand latuqal shocksy
gen: 211 fit: 252 mean: 248.11 chromo: qo oe zk notvoowee that is the quentisn. whether tfsnnoclur in the mindano sulfer.vthq hlinis aqd arrowb ofpxutrageous fovnuneh ol to take arms ogainst a ssa of tropbles an. ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a smeepzto sayw egetd. the.heartache and the thousand patucal shocksf
gen: 212 fit: 252 mean: 248.29 chromo: qo oe zt notvoobee that is the quewtisn. whether tfsnnoclpr in the mindtno sulfer.vthq hlinks aqd arrowk ofpxutrageous fovnuneh ol to take armsxogainst a ssa of trowbles an. ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseepzto say  edezd. theoheartache and the thousand patuqal shocksf
gen: 213 fit: 252 mean: 248.49 chromo: qo ke ct notvoowee that is the queatidn. whether tfssnoclur in the mindjjo sulfer.vthi hlinks aqd arrowb oftuutraveous fobtuneh ol to take armsxqgainst a ssa of troables an. bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sfeepzto say  egezd. theoheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksy
gen: 214 fit: 252 mean: 248.77 chromo: qo ke z  notyoooee that is the quewtibn. whether trsynoclur in the mindjjo suufer.tthh glinis asd arrowb oftxutrageous foshuneh oi to take arms ogainst a s a of tropbles an. bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morev and by a smeepsto say yedezd. theoheartache and the bhousand latuqal shocksf
gen: 215 fit: 253 mean: 248.97 chromo: qo ke zr notloooee that is the queatidn. whether trsenoclqr in the mindgno sulfer.uthg hlinks asd arrowb ofzxutrageous fodhuneh oi to take arms qgainst a ssa of tropbles an. bv opposing end themp to die to sleep. no moreh and by a smeep to saysyegemd. theoheartache and the bhousand latuqal shocksf
gen: 216 fit: 254 mean: 249.16 chromo: qo oe cr notloooee that is the quewtidn. whether trsenoclur in the mindjvo sulfer.tthg glinks aqd arrowb oftxutrageous fobtuneh oo to take arms ogainst a s.a of tropbles an. bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sfeepsto say  eeezd. theoheartache and the bhousand uatuqal shocksy
gen: 217 fit: 254 mean: 249.25 chromo: qo oe cr notloooee that is the quewtidn. whether trsenoclur in the mindjvo sulfer.tthg glinks aqd arrowb oftxutrageous fobtuneh oo to take arms ogainst a s.a of tropbles an. bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sfeepsto say  eeezd. theoheartache and the bhousand uatuqal shocksy
gen: 218 fit: 254 mean: 249.45 chromo: qo oe cr notloooee that is the quewtidn. whether trsenoclur in the mindjvo sulfer.tthg glinks aqd arrowb oftxutrageous fobtuneh oo to take arms ogainst a s.a of tropbles an. bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sfeepsto say  eeezd. theoheartache and the bhousand uatuqal shocksy
gen: 219 fit: 253 mean: 249.67 chromo: qo ke zt notloowee that is the quewtisn. whether tosenoclur in the mindjno sulfer.vthg llinks asd arrowb oftxutrageous fodhuneh oa to take arms mgainst a s a of tro bles anj ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morev and by a sfeep to sayp edezd. theeheartache and the thousand uatucal shocksy
gen: 220 fit: 254 mean: 249.79 chromo: qo ke zr notvoowee that is the queatibn. whether tasenoclpr in the mindgjo suufer.uthc hlinks aqd arrows oftxutrageous foshuneh ol to take arms ogainst a s a of tropbles an. ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sfeepsto say  egezd. thetheartache and the bhousand patuqal shocksn
gen: 221 fit: 254 mean: 250.02 chromo: qo ke  t notloowee that is the queatidn. whether trsenoclpr in the mindgjo suqfer.uthi hlinks aqd arrows oftxutrageous foshuneh oo to take arms ogainst a sta of tropbles an. ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sfeepsto say yedezd. thetheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksy
gen: 222 fit: 254 mean: 250.22 chromo: qo ke cr notlcobee that is the quewtidn. whether trsenoclur in the mindgxo sugfer.vthh hlinqs aqd arrowb oftuutrageous fobhuneh oo to take arms qgainst a ssa of troxbles anj bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseepsto say  eeezd. theeheartache and the thousand latucal shocksy
gen: 223 fit: 255 mean: 250.52 chromo: qo ie zr notvoooee that is the queatidn. whether tisenoclur in the mindjno sulfer.tthi hlinks asd arrowb oftxutrageous fostuneh ol to take arms ogainst a ssa of troxbles an. bb opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseepsto saybgedezd. theuheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksw
gen: 224 fit: 255 mean: 250.65 chromo: qo ke zr notvoobee that is the quewtidn. whether tisenodlkr in the minduvo suufer.nthg hlines aqd arrow. ofyuutrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms ogainst a s a of tropbles anj bb opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morei and by a syeepsto saybgedezd. theoheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksf
gen: 225 fit: 257 mean: 250.84 chromo: po ke zr notlooobe that is the quewtirn. whether tasnnodlkr in the mindtno sulfer.tthg glinks asd arrows ofpxutrageous forhuneh ol to take arms qgainst a s a of tro bles an. ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say  egemd. theoheartache and the bhousand latucal shocksy
gen: 226 fit: 256 mean: 250.89 chromo: qo oe zr notvoofee that is the queatidn. whether tfsrnodlrr in the mindtno suqfer.tthg hlinks aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fovtuneh ol to take arms ogainst a s a of troables an. ba opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseepsto say aedezd. theeheartache and the thousand latucal shocksy
gen: 227 fit: 256 mean: 251.11 chromo: qo oe zr notvoofee that is the queatidn. whether tfsrnodlrr in the mindtno suqfer.tthg hlinks aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fovtuneh ol to take arms ogainst a s a of troables an. ba opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseepsto say aedezd. theeheartache and the thousand latucal shocksy
gen: 228 fit: 256 mean: 251.43 chromo: qo ie zr notvoowse that is the queatisn. whether tasrnodlpr in the mindtno suqfer.tthh glinks aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fovtuneh ol to take arms mgainst a s a of troables an. ba opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseepsto say yeeezd. theeheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksf
gen: 229 fit: 256 mean: 251.69 chromo: qo oe zr notvoowee that is the queatidn. whether tfsenodlkr in the minduno suufer.tthg hlinks aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fovtuneh oo to take armsxogainst a sta of troables an. ba opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morep and by a sfeep to say aedezd. theeheartache and the thousand latucal shocksy
gen: 230 fit: 256 mean: 251.81 chromo: qo ie sr notvoowee that is the quewtidn. whether tisenoclur in the mindjno suqfer.vthi hlinos aqd arrowb ofzxutrageous fobtuneh oo to take arms mgainst a s a of tropbles an. ba opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeepsto say  edezd. theoheartache and the thousand uatuqal shocksf
gen: 231 fit: 256 mean: 252.03 chromo: qo ke zr notloowee that is the quewtidn. whether tisenoclrr in the mindivo suufer.vthg hlinks asd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms ogainst a ssa of trowbles an. ba opposing end themw to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseepsto say  edezd. theoheartache and the bhousand patuqal shocksy
gen: 232 fit: 256 mean: 252.24 chromo: qo ke zr notloowee that is the quewtibn. whether tisynocldr in the mindjno suqfer.vthg hlinks aqd arrows oftuutrageous fobnuneh oo to take arms ogainst a s a of troxbles an. ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseepsto say  eeezd. theoheartache and the thousand uatuqal shocksy
gen: 233 fit: 256 mean: 252.38 chromo: qo ke pr notloowee that is the quewtidn. whether tisenodlrr in the mindgno sulfer.vthh hlinks aqd arrows ofzxutrageous fobhuneh og to take arms mgainst a s a of troables an. ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseepsto say legezd. theuheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksf
gen: 234 fit: 257 mean: 252.75 chromo: qo ke zr notyoooee that is the quewtidn. whether tisenoclur in the mindtno suufer.vthg glinks aqd arrows oftuutrageous fovhuneh oa to take arms kgainst a sta of tro bles an. ba opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morep and by a sceep to say  eeezd. theoheartache and the thousand patuqal shocksy
gen: 235 fit: 257 mean: 252.85 chromo: qo ie zr notvoowee that is the quewtidn. whether tisenoolrr in the mindtco suqfer.uthi hlines aqd arrows oftxutrageous fobtuneh oi to take arms qgainst a s a of troables ano ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseepsto say  egemd. theoheartache and the thousand satucal shocksf
gen: 236 fit: 258 mean: 253.23 chromo: qo ie cr notloowee that is the quewtidn. whether tisynoolkr in the mindgno sulfer.vthv glinis aqd arrows oftxutrageous fobtuneh ol to take arms ogainst a s a of tropbles anj ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say gegemd. theoheartache and the thousand patucal shocksf
gen: 237 fit: 257 mean: 253.42 chromo: qo ke nr notloowee that is the quewtisn. whether tisrnoclur in the mindjxo sulfer.tthg hlinis aqd arrows oftxutrageous fo tuneh oo to take arms ogainst a sra of tropbles an. bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morev and by a smeepsto say geeemd. theeheartache and the thousand patuqal shocksy
gen: 238 fit: 258 mean: 253.53 chromo: qo ke cr notlwoobe that is the quentidn. whether tissnoclur in the mindjvo sulfer.vthi hlines aqd arrows oftuutrageous fobfuneh oi to take arms ogainst a s a of tro bles anj bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sfeep to say  eeemd. theeheartache and the thousand satuwal shocksf
gen: 239 fit: 258 mean: 253.82 chromo: qo ke zr notyoowbe that is the quewtidn. whether tisynodlrr in the mindtno suqfer.vthg hlinks asd arrows oftxutrageous fobtuneh oo to take arms ogainst a ssa of tropbles anj ba opposing end themm to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseepsto say  ejemd. thetheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksf
gen: 240 fit: 258 mean: 254.00 chromo: qo be zr notloowee that is the quewtidn. whether tisenoclur in the minduno suqfer.ithh glinks aqd arrows oftuutrageous fodtuneh oo to take arms ogainst a sta of troxbles ann ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeepsto say  edezd. theoheartache and the thousand patuqal shocksf
gen: 241 fit: 258 mean: 254.26 chromo: qo ie zr notyoofee that is the quewtibn. whether tisynoclur in the minduno suufer.vthg hlinks aqd arrows oftxutrageous fobtuneh ol to take arms ogainst a s a of troables an. bv opposing end themw to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say legemd. thetheartache and the thousand latucal shocksf
gen: 242 fit: 258 mean: 254.43 chromo: qo ke zr notloowee that is the queatien. whether tisenocldr in the mindjjo suufer.athv hlinks aqd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oa to take arms ogainst a s a of tro bles anj ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sfeep to say legemd. the.heartache and the thousand patuqal shocksf
gen: 243 fit: 259 mean: 254.72 chromo: qo ke cr notloobbe that is the queatien. whether tissnoclcr in the mindgno suufer.ithg glinks aqd arrows oftxutrageous fovtunea ol to take arms ogainst a ssa of troxbles ane bb opposing end themm to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sfeep to say  edezd. theoheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksf
gen: 244 fit: 259 mean: 254.95 chromo: qo ke cr notloobbe that is the queatien. whether tissnoclrr in the mindgno suqfer.tthx glinks asd arrows oftxutrageous fovtunea oa to take arms qgainst a ssa of tro bles an. ba opposing end themm to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeep to say ledezd. theoheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksf
gen: 245 fit: 259 mean: 255.10 chromo: qo oe zr notyoowbe that is the quewtidn. whether tisynoclur in the mindijo suufer.tthh hlinos asd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms ogainst a sra of troxbles an. bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeep to say  egezd. theoheartache and the thousand patuqal shocksy
gen: 246 fit: 259 mean: 255.41 chromo: qo ie pr notyoobbe that is the quewtisn. whether tisenoolur in the mindgno sulfer.vthg glinks aqd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oa to take arms bgainst a ssa of tro bles an. ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeep to say medezd. theoheartache and the thousand patuqal shocksy
gen: 247 fit: 259 mean: 255.51 chromo: qo ke cr notloowbe that is the quewtidn. whether trsenocldr in the mindgno suqfer.vthg glinis asd arrows oftuutrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms qgainst a ssa of tropbles and bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a smeep to say  ehemd. theoheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksy
gen: 248 fit: 260 mean: 255.59 chromo: qo be cr notloobbe that is the quewtidn. whether tisenoolrr in the mindtno suufer.vthh glinks asd arrows oftxutrageous fobtuneh oo to take arms mgainst a sra of troables anj ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeep to say gegezd. theoheartache and the thousand patucal shocksy
gen: 249 fit: 260 mean: 255.79 chromo: qo be cr notloobbe that is the quewtidn. whether tisenoolrr in the mindtno suufer.vthh glinks asd arrows oftxutrageous fobtuneh oo to take arms mgainst a sra of troables anj ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeep to say gegezd. theoheartache and the thousand patucal shocksy
gen: 250 fit: 259 mean: 255.87 chromo: qo ie zr notloowbe that is the quewtidn. whether tissnodlrr in the mindtjo suufer.vthh hlinks aqd arrows oftxutrageous fobtuneh oo to take arms ogainst a ssa of tro bles an. ba opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say .edezd. theeheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksy
gen: 251 fit: 260 mean: 256.01 chromo: qo be wr notvoowbe that is the quewtidn. whether tissnoolur in the mindjvo suqfer.vthg hlines asd arrows ofzuutrageous fobtuneh om to take arms qgainst a ssa of troxbles an. bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morev and by a sseep to say yegemd. theoheartache and the thousand latucal shocksy
gen: 252 fit: 260 mean: 256.10 chromo: qo be wr notvoowbe that is the quewtidn. whether tissnoolkr in the mindjno suqfer.vthq hlines asd arrows oftuutrageous fovtunea ol to take arms qgainst a s a of troxbles an. bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morev and by a sseep to say  egemd. theoheartache and the thousand latucal shocksy
gen: 253 fit: 259 mean: 256.20 chromo: qo ke cr notyoowbe that is the quewtidn. whether tisynotlpr in the mindgno sulfer.ithi glinos aqd arrows oftxutrageous fobtuneh oa to take arms qgainst a ssa of tropbles anj bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no moreh and by a soeep to say  edezd. theeheartache and the thousand latucal shocksy
gen: 254 fit: 260 mean: 256.34 chromo: qo be zr notloobbe that is the quewtien. whether tisenodlcr in the mindgno suufer.vthq glinos asd arrows oftuutrageous fovtuneh ov to take arms mgainst a ssa of tro bles and bb opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morep and by a smeepsto say nedemd. theoheartache and the thousand patuqal shocksy
gen: 255 fit: 260 mean: 256.56 chromo: qo be cr notloowbe that is the quewtidn. whether tisynoclur in the mindjno sulfer.vthg wlines aqd arrows oftxutrageous fodtuneh ol to take arms qgainst a ssa of troxbles an. ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeep to say gedezd. theeheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksy
gen: 256 fit: 260 mean: 256.70 chromo: qo be zr notloobbe that is the quewtien. whether tisenodlcr in the mindgno suufer.vthq glinos asd arrows oftuutrageous fovtuneh ov to take arms mgainst a ssa of tro bles and bb opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morep and by a smeepsto say nedemd. theoheartache and the thousand patuqal shocksy
gen: 257 fit: 260 mean: 256.85 chromo: qo be zr notloowbe that is the queatidn. whether tissnoclrr in the mindgno suufer.vthq hlines aqd arrows oftuutrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms qgainst a ssa of troxbles and bb opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morep and by a smeepsto say nedemd. theoheartache and the thousand patuqal shocksy
gen: 258 fit: 260 mean: 257.07 chromo: qo be zr notloowbe that is the quewtisn. whether tisenoolur in the mindgno suufer.vthv glinos aqd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms mgainst a sra of tropbles ann bb opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeep to say  egezd. theoheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksy
gen: 259 fit: 260 mean: 257.19 chromo: qo se zr notloowbe that is the quewtien. whether tisenodlur in the mindgvo suufer.vthi glinks aqd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh ol to take arms ogainst a sja of troxbles and bb opposing end themx to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say gedemd. theoheartache and the thousand patuqal shocksy
gen: 260 fit: 260 mean: 257.48 chromo: qo be zr notyoowbe that is the quentien. whether tisenotlur in the mindgno sulfer.vthq vlinks asd arrows oftxutrageous fovtunea ol to take arms mgainst a ssa of tro bles anj bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a smeep to say  ejemd. theoheartache and the thousand patuqal shocksf
gen: 261 fit: 261 mean: 257.59 chromo: qo be zr notyoowbe that is the quewtien. whether tisynodlrr in the mindgno sulfer.pthi glines aqd arrows oftxutrageous fovtunea oo to take arms hgainst a ssa of tropbles and bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeep to say  edemd. theoheartache and the thousand patuqal shocksy
gen: 262 fit: 260 mean: 257.61 chromo: qo ke zr notloowbe that is the quentidn. whether tisenoclcr in the mindgno suufer.vthi hlinos aqd arrows oftxutrageous fobtuneh ov to take arms ogainst a sra of troables and ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say  ejemd. theoheartache and the thousand latucal shocksf
gen: 263 fit: 261 mean: 257.62 chromo: qo be zr notloofbe that is the quewtien. whether tissnoclcr in the mindgno suufer.ithq vlinos ajd arrows oftoutrageous fovtunea om to take arms ogainst a ssa of troxblis and bv opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say yeeemd. theeheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksf
gen: 264 fit: 261 mean: 257.65 chromo: qo ke  r notloobbe that is the queatisn. whether tissnocldr in the mindtvo sulfer.vthi glinks aqd arrows oftxutrageous fobtunea oi to take arms ogainst a ssa of troables and ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say gedemd. theoheartache and the thousand uatural shocksy
gen: 265 fit: 261 mean: 257.64 chromo: qo be  r notyyobbe that is the quewtisn. whether tisynocldr in the mindjjo sulfer.vthi glines asd arrows oftxutrageous fobtunea ol to take arms ogainst a sja of troxbles and ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say ledemd. theoheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksy
gen: 266 fit: 261 mean: 257.64 chromo: qo be zr notloofbe that is the quewtisn. whether tisnnoclur in the mindino suufer.vthq glinks aqd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oa to take arms mgainst a s a of troables and bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say yedezd. theoheartache and the thousand patuqal shocksy
gen: 267 fit: 261 mean: 257.71 chromo: qo be  r notyyobbe that is the quewtisn. whether tisynocldr in the mindjjo sulfer.vthi glines asd arrows oftxutrageous fobtunea ol to take arms ogainst a sja of troxbles and ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say ledemd. theoheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksy
gen: 268 fit: 261 mean: 257.89 chromo: qo be  r notyyobbe that is the quewtisn. whether tisynocldr in the mindjjo sulfer.vthi glines asd arrows oftxutrageous fobtunea ol to take arms ogainst a sja of troxbles and ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say ledemd. theoheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksy
gen: 269 fit: 262 mean: 258.06 chromo: qo be zr notlooobe that is the quewtien. whether tissnoclcr in the mindgjo sulfer.vthi hlinks asd arrows oftxutrageous fobtuneh oi to take arms qgainst a ssa of troxbles and bv opposing end themp to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say  egemd. theoheartache and the thousand latuqal shocks.
gen: 270 fit: 261 mean: 258.16 chromo: qo be zr notyoowbe that is the quentidn. whether tisynoclcr in the mindtvo suqfer.vthh glinqs aqd arrows oftxutrageous fodtunea oo to take arms ogainst a ssa of tropbles and bv opposing end themp to die to sleep. no moreb and by a sfeep to say  ejemd. theoheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksy
gen: 271 fit: 261 mean: 258.30 chromo: qo be zr notloobbe that is the queatidn. whether tissnoclkr in the mindgno suufer.vthq glines aqd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms ogainst a ssa of tropbles ann ba opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say gedezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocksy
gen: 272 fit: 262 mean: 258.40 chromo: qo be zr notyoobbe that is the queatidn. whether tissnoclur in the mindino suufer.vthq hlinks aqd arrows oftxutrageous fodtuneh ol to take arms mgainst a s a of tropbles and bb opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeep to say lejezd. theoheartache and the thousand patural shocksy
gen: 273 fit: 262 mean: 258.36 chromo: qo be zr notyoobbe that is the queatidn. whether tissnoclur in the mindino suufer.vthq hlinks aqd arrows oftxutrageous fodtuneh ol to take arms mgainst a s a of tropbles and bb opposing end themm to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeep to say lejezd. theoheartache and the thousand patural shocksy
gen: 274 fit: 262 mean: 258.37 chromo: qo be zr notyyohbe that is the quewtisn. whether tisenoblur in the mindgno sulfer.vthq hlinos aqd arrows oftxutrageous fostuneh ol to take arms ogainst a ssa of troxbles and bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morev and by a syeep to say  egemd. theoheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksy
gen: 275 fit: 262 mean: 258.42 chromo: qo be cr notyoobbe that is the quewtidn. whether tisenoclcr in the mindgvo sulfer.vthg hlinks aqd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oa to take arms kgainst a s a of troables and ba opposing end themm to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeep to say  edezd. theoheartache and the thousand latuqal shocks.
gen: 276 fit: 262 mean: 258.46 chromo: qo be zr notlyobbe that is the quewtisn. whether tisenoclur in the mindtno sulfer.ithh glinks asd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oa to take arms ogainst a ssa of troxbles and bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeep to say yedemd. theoheartache and the thousand latuqal shocks.
gen: 277 fit: 263 mean: 258.52 chromo: qo be zr notyoobbe that is the quewtidn. whether tisynoylrr in the mindgno suqfer.vthq xlinqs aqd arrows oftxutrageous fobtuneh oh to take arms qgainst a s a of troxbles and bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say  edemd. theoheartache and the thousand patural shocks.
gen: 278 fit: 264 mean: 258.59 chromo: qo be zr notyoobbe that is the quewtidn. whether tissnoblrr in the mindgzo suqfer.vthh xlines aqd arrows oftuutrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms igainst a ssa of troables and ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeep to say  egezd. theoheartache and the thousand patural shocks.
gen: 279 fit: 262 mean: 258.84 chromo: qo be cr notvoowbe that is the quewtidn. whether tisynoclrr in the mindijo sulfer.uthg wlinos aqd arrows oftxutrageous fovtunea oi to take arms ogainst a ssa of troxbles and bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say yedezd. theoheartache and the thousand latuqal shocks.
gen: 280 fit: 262 mean: 259.00 chromo: qo be  r notyoobbe that is the quewtien. whether tissnoclrr in the mindtjo suufer.vthh wlinks aqd arrows oftxutrageous fobtunea oo to take arms ogainst a ssa of tropbles and ba opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeep to say  eeemd. thewheartache and the thousand latuqal shocksy
gen: 281 fit: 263 mean: 259.23 chromo: qo be zr notvoobbe that is the quewtidn. whether tisynoylrr in the mindgjo suqfer.vthq glines aqd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms ogainst a ssa of troables and bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no moren and by a sseep to say ledewd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 282 fit: 263 mean: 259.42 chromo: qo be zr notyoowbe that is the queatien. whether tissnoblur in the mindjno sulfer.uthi glinos aqd arrows oftxutrageous fodtuneh oi to take arms ogainst a ssa of troxbles and bb opposing end themm to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say fekezd. theoheartache and the thousand latuqal shocks.
gen: 283 fit: 263 mean: 259.78 chromo: qo be zr notvyobbe that is the quewtidn. whether tisynoolrr in the mindtjo suufer.vthq glines asd arrows oftxutrageous fovtunea oo to take arms ogainst a ssa of tropbles and ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say  edewd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 284 fit: 263 mean: 259.89 chromo: qo be zr notlyoobe that is the quewtidn. whether tisenoclur in the mindtjo suqfer.vthi glines asd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms ogainst a ssa of troables and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a syeep to say  egemd. theoheartache and the thousand patural shocksy
gen: 285 fit: 264 mean: 259.91 chromo: qo be  r notaoobbe that is the quewtibn. whether tisznoblur in the mindjjo suufer.uthv glines aqd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms qgainst a ssa of tropbles and bb opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeep to say fegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 286 fit: 265 mean: 259.95 chromo: qo be zr notloobbe that is the quewtibn. whether tisynoblur in the mindgjo suqfer.vthi glines asd arrows oftxutrageous fobtuneh oo to take arms ogainst a s a of troables and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say yegemd. theoheartache and the thousand patural shocks.
gen: 287 fit: 264 mean: 260.03 chromo: fo be dr notloohbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis noclur in the mindgjo sulfer.vthg vlines aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fovtunea oo to take arms qgainst a ssa of tro bles and ba opposing end themp to die to sleep. no morev and by a sseep to say  egezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 288 fit: 264 mean: 260.22 chromo: qo be zr notloobbe that is the quewtibn. whether tis noblur in the mindtvo suufer.vthh glinqs aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fostuneh oi to take arms qgainst a ssa of tropbles and bb opposing end themm to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say zekezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocksi
gen: 289 fit: 265 mean: 260.55 chromo: qo be cr notyoobbe that is the quewticn. whether tis noblkr in the mindgjo suqfer.ithh vlinks azd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms ogainst a ssa of tro bles anb bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a syeep to say fegezd. theoheartache and the thousand patural shocks.
gen: 290 fit: 265 mean: 260.68 chromo: qo be cr notyoobbe that is the quewticn. whether tis noblkr in the mindgjo suqfer.ithh vlinks azd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms ogainst a ssa of tro bles anb bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a syeep to say fegezd. theoheartache and the thousand patural shocks.
gen: 291 fit: 265 mean: 260.79 chromo: qo ke cr notaooqbe that is the quewtibn. whether tisenoblur in the mindgvo sulfer.vthh vlines aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fostuneh oa to take arms ogainst a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a smeep to say yedezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 292 fit: 266 mean: 260.88 chromo: qo be zr notvooobe that is the quewtidn. whether tis noblur in the mindgno suqfer.vthg wlines aqd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms against a s a of troxbles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say legezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shockc.
gen: 293 fit: 265 mean: 261.01 chromo: qo be zr notyoobbe that is the quewtidn. whether tisynoblrr in the mindtjo suufer.vthh glinks aqd arrows oftxutrageous fobtuneh oi to take arms ogainst a s a of troxbles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a sseep to say ledemd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 294 fit: 266 mean: 261.16 chromo: qo be cr notyoowbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis noblur in the mindivo suqfer.ithh hlinqs aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fostuneh oi to take arms ogainst a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sseep to say yegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latucal shocks.
gen: 295 fit: 266 mean: 261.46 chromo: qo be zr notyoowbe that is the queatiin. whether tis noblur in the mindijo suqfer.vthh glinks aqd arrows oftxutrageous fovtunea oi to take arms ogainst a ssa of trowbles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeep to say  egemd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 296 fit: 266 mean: 261.57 chromo: qo be zr notyooobe that is the queitidn. whether tis noylkr in the mindgvo suqfer.vthq wlinms aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troxbles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeep to say legezd. thewheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 297 fit: 267 mean: 261.69 chromo: qo be cr notlyowbe that is the queatidn. whether tis noblkr in the mindgvo suufer.vthh wlinns aqd arrows oftxutrageous fostuneh oi to take arms mgainst a ssa of troubles and ba opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say yekezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 298 fit: 266 mean: 262.02 chromo: qo be zr notvoohbe that is the quewtidn. whether tisynoblur in the mindgjo suufer.vthh glines aqd arrows oftxutrageous fobtuneh oo to take arms qgainst a ssa of tro bles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a syeep to say  egemd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 299 fit: 267 mean: 262.30 chromo: qo be zr notyoohbe that is the quewtiin. whether tis noblkr in the mindgjo suufer.vthh glinks aqd arrows oftxutrageous fobtuneh oi to take arms ogainst a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeep to say yedezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 300 fit: 266 mean: 262.45 chromo: qo be zr notloobbe that is the quentidn. whether tisznoblrr in the mindgvo suqfer.vthi hlinks aqd arrows oftxutrageous fostuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of tropbles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say  egezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 301 fit: 267 mean: 262.62 chromo: qo be  r notyoofbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis noblkr in the mindgjo sucfer.vthv glines aqd arrows oftxutrageous fostuneh oo to take arms ogainst a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say yedezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 302 fit: 267 mean: 262.76 chromo: qo be cr notvoobbe that is the quewtibn. whether tis noblrr in the mindgno suufer.vthg hlinqs aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fovtuneh oa to take arms ogainst a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say leeezd. theoheartache and the thousand patural shocks.
gen: 303 fit: 267 mean: 262.88 chromo: qo be zr notloohbe that is the quewtiin. whether tis noblkr in the mindgjo suufer.vthg hlines aqd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh ou to take arms ogainst a s a of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a syeep to say yedezd. theeheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 304 fit: 266 mean: 263.13 chromo: qo be zr notloobbe that is the quewtiin. whether tis noblkr in the mindgjo suufer.vthq glines asd arrows ofpxutrageous fostuneh ou to take arms ogainst a s a of troxbles and ba opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeep to say ledezd. theeheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 305 fit: 267 mean: 263.25 chromo: qo be zr notloowbe that is the quentidn. whether tis noblur in the mindgjo suqfer.vthg hlines asd arrows oftxutrageous fojtuneh oi to take arms qgainst a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say ledezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 306 fit: 267 mean: 263.39 chromo: qo be zr notvaowbe that is the quewtien. whether tis noblur in the mindtvo suufer.vthi glinns asd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms qgainst a ssa of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a syeep to say  edezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 307 fit: 268 mean: 263.63 chromo: qo be zr notvoowbe that is the quewtibn. whether tis noblur in the mindjno suqfer.ithh vlinos asd arrows oftxutrageous fovtunea op to take arms against a ssa of troubles and ba opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say yegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 308 fit: 267 mean: 263.91 chromo: qo be zr notvoohbe that is the quentien. whether tis noblrr in the mindgno sulfer.vthh glines aqd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oa to take arms mgainst a s a of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeep to say  egezd. theoheartache and the thousand patural shocks.
gen: 309 fit: 267 mean: 263.96 chromo: qo be zr notyooobe that is the quewtibn. whether tis noblpr in the mind no suqfer.ithq glinks asd arrows ofpxutrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms ogainst a ssa of troables and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a sseep to say fegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 310 fit: 268 mean: 263.97 chromo: qo be zr notyooqbe that is the quentidn. whether tis noblkr in the mindgjo suqfer.vthh glinks aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and ba opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say  egezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 311 fit: 268 mean: 263.99 chromo: qo be zr notloohbe that is the quentiin. whether tis noblrr in the mind jo suufer.vthi vlinns azd arrows ofpxutrageous fobtuneh oi to take arms against a s a of troxbles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeep to say negezd. theoheartache and the thousand patural shocks.
gen: 312 fit: 268 mean: 264.19 chromo: qo be zr notyyoobe that is the queatirn. whether tis noblkr in the mindgno suqfer.vthh glines asd arrows oftoutrageous fodtuneh oi to take arms qgainst a s a of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeep to say yedezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 313 fit: 268 mean: 264.30 chromo: qo be  r notlyobbe that is the quentibn. whether tis noblpr in the mindtno suqfer.vthq glines aqd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a sseep to say  edezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 314 fit: 268 mean: 264.53 chromo: qo be  r notlyobbe that is the quentibn. whether tis noblpr in the mindtno suqfer.vthq glines aqd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a sseep to say  edezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 315 fit: 268 mean: 264.56 chromo: qo be zr notvoobbe that is the quewticn. whether tis noblkr in the mind jo suufer.vthv glines aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms against a ssa of tropbles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sseep to say yegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 316 fit: 268 mean: 264.70 chromo: qo be zr notyoowbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis noblkr in the mindijo suqfer.vthh glinys aqd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and ba opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say negezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 317 fit: 268 mean: 264.74 chromo: qo be zr notloohbe that is the quentibn. whether tis noblrr in the mind jo suufer.vthi vlinks azd arrows ofpxutrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troxbles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeep to say negezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 318 fit: 269 mean: 264.90 chromo: qo be zr notaoowbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mindivo sulfer.vthh glinys aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fodtuneh oi to take arms against a s a of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say negezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 319 fit: 269 mean: 264.95 chromo: qo be zr notaoowbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind vo sulfer.vthh glinys aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms mgainst a s a of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say  egezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 320 fit: 268 mean: 265.03 chromo: qo be cr notvaobbe that is the quentien. whether tis nobler in the mindgjo suufer.vthh hlines azd arrows ofpxutrageous fobtunea oi to take arms against a s a of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep ty say yedezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 321 fit: 269 mean: 265.17 chromo: qo be zr notloohbe that is the quentibn. whether tis nobler in the mindgno suqfer.vthi glinks aqd arrows oftxutrageous fodtuneh oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say .egezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 322 fit: 269 mean: 265.30 chromo: qo be zr notloowbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind no suufer.vthv glinys aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fovtuneh oa to take arms mgainst a s a of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeep to say yedezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 323 fit: 270 mean: 265.34 chromo: qo be zr notvoobbe that is the quewticn. whether tis nobler in the mind no suqfer.vthq glinos aqd arrows oftxutrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a syeep to say yeaezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 324 fit: 270 mean: 265.38 chromo: qo be zr notvooobe that is the quewticn. whether tis nobler in the mind no suqfer.vthq glinos aqd arrows ofpxutrageous foktuneh oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morew and by a sseep to say yedetd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 325 fit: 269 mean: 265.51 chromo: qo be zr notvoobbe that is the quewtibn. whether tis nobler in the mind no suufer.vthh hlinks aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fojtunea oi to take arms qgainst a s a of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say legezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 326 fit: 270 mean: 265.68 chromo: qo be zr notyoobbe that is the quentien. whether tis nobler in the mind no suqfer.vthq hlinos aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fovtuneh oa to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a smeep to say zegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 327 fit: 270 mean: 265.82 chromo: qo be zr notyoobbe that is the quentien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthh glinos aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a smeep to say zegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 328 fit: 270 mean: 265.90 chromo: qo be zr notyoobbe that is the quentien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthh glinos aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a smeep to say zegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 329 fit: 271 mean: 265.90 chromo: qo be zr notyooqbe that is the quenticn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthh glinks azd arrows of xutrageous fovtunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sveep to say yegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 330 fit: 271 mean: 266.06 chromo: qo be zr notyooqbe that is the quenticn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthh glinks azd arrows of xutrageous fovtunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sveep to say yegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 331 fit: 271 mean: 266.26 chromo: qo be zr notyoobbe that is the quenticn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthh glinos aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and ba opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say wegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 332 fit: 271 mean: 266.51 chromo: qo be zr notyoobbe that is the quenticn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthh glinos aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and ba opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say wegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 333 fit: 271 mean: 266.68 chromo: qo be zr notloohbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind no sulfer.vthi glinos aqd arrows of xutrageous fobtuneh oa to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say zegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 334 fit: 271 mean: 266.85 chromo: qo be zr notloowbe that is the quentien. whether tis noblkr in the mind jo suqfer.vthi glinks asd arrows of uutrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a syeep to say webezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 335 fit: 271 mean: 267.03 chromo: ho be zr notvoobbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis noblkr in the mind jo suufer.vthi hlings aqd arrows ofpxutrageous fodtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say wegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 336 fit: 271 mean: 267.22 chromo: qo be zr no.yoohbe that is the quentidn. whether tis nobler in the mind no sulfer.vthi glinqs aqd arrows of outrageous fobtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say zegemd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 337 fit: 271 mean: 267.36 chromo: qo be zr notvoowbe that is the quentidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthv glinos aqd arrows oftxutrageous fodtuneh oo to take arms against a s a of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say wegemd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 338 fit: 272 mean: 267.48 chromo: qo be cr notvoohbe that is the quentidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suufer.vthv glinks aqd arrows of xutrageous fodtuneh oa to take arms against a s a of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a s.eep to say webezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 339 fit: 272 mean: 267.74 chromo: qo be zr notloohbe that is the quewtibn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo sulfer.vthh glinos aqd arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oa to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say zegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 340 fit: 272 mean: 267.81 chromo: qo be cr notvoohbe that is the quentidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthv glines aqd arrows of uutrageous fodtuneh oa to take arms against a ssa of troubles and ba opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a sseep to say webezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 341 fit: 272 mean: 267.96 chromo: qo be zr notvyohbe that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthi glinos azd arrows of xutrageous fovtunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeep to say wedezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 342 fit: 272 mean: 268.03 chromo: qo be zr notloohbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthv glines aqd arrows of outrageous fobtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say  egezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 343 fit: 272 mean: 268.31 chromo: qo be zr notyoowbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind ko sulfer.vthq vlinos asd arrows of xutrageous fovtunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeep to say wedemd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 344 fit: 272 mean: 268.47 chromo: qo be zr notyoohbe that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthv glijks azd arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sqeep to say wedezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 345 fit: 273 mean: 268.61 chromo: qo be zr notloohbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthv glinos aqd arrows of outrageous fostuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a syeep to say weaezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 346 fit: 273 mean: 268.75 chromo: qo be zr notvoohbe that is the quewtibn. whether tis nobler in the mind no suqfer.ithi hlines aqd arrows of outrageous fobtuneh oi to take arms against a s a of troubles and ba opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say wegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 347 fit: 272 mean: 268.89 chromo: qo be zr notyoowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suufer.vthh glines aqd arrows of xutrageous fovtunem oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sqeep to say wegemd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 348 fit: 273 mean: 269.01 chromo: qo be zr notvoowbe that is the queyticn. whether tis nobler in the mind no suufer.vthi glines aqd arrows of outrageous fovtuneo oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say wegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 349 fit: 273 mean: 269.11 chromo: qo be cr notlyowbe that is the quentien. whether tis nobler in the mind no suqfer.vthv glines aqd arrows of outrageous fostunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say wege.d. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 350 fit: 273 mean: 269.11 chromo: qo be zr notvoobbe that is the quenticn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthh vlinos aqd arrows of outrageous fovtuneo oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and ba opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say wegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 351 fit: 273 mean: 269.00 chromo: qo be zr notyooqbe that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind no sulfer.vthq glinos aqd arrows of outrageous fodtunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say wegezd. the.heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 352 fit: 273 mean: 269.05 chromo: qo be zr notyoohbe that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suufer.vthh glinos aqd arrows of outrageous fovtunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say wedemd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 353 fit: 273 mean: 269.18 chromo: qo be zr notlyohbe that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind no suqfer.vthi glinos aqd arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sseep to say wegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 354 fit: 273 mean: 269.21 chromo: qo be zr notloowbe that is the quentien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suxfer.vthi glines aqd arrows of outrageous fostuneh oi to take arms against a s a of troubles and ba opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say wegemd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 355 fit: 273 mean: 269.45 chromo: qo be zr notloobbe that is the queytibn. whether tis nobler in the mind po suqfer.vthh glinos aqd arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say wegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 356 fit: 273 mean: 269.51 chromo: qo be zr notlxohbe that is the queytibn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthh glinos aqd arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and ba opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say wegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 357 fit: 273 mean: 269.55 chromo: qo be zr notyyohbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo sucfer.vthh glinks aqd arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms against a s a of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeep to say wegemd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 358 fit: 273 mean: 269.76 chromo: qo be cr notlyohbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind no suqfer.vthh glines aqd arrows of outrageous fobtunem oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a syeep to say wegezd. theaheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 359 fit: 273 mean: 269.86 chromo: qo be zr notsooqbe that is the queytibn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suufer.vtho hlinos aqd arrows of outrageous fovtunea oi to take arms against a s a of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say weaezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 360 fit: 273 mean: 270.22 chromo: qo be zr notloowbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthh glinos aqd arrows of outrageous foituneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sqeep to say wegezd. theaheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 361 fit: 273 mean: 270.37 chromo: qo be zr notvooqbe that is the quewtiln. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suufer.vtho vlinos aqd arrows of outrageous fobtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and ba opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say webezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 362 fit: 273 mean: 270.44 chromo: qo be zr notyyoqbe that is the quentiln. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suufer.vtho hlines aqd arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and ba opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sqeep to say wegezd. theeheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 363 fit: 273 mean: 270.38 chromo: qo be zr notloohbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind ko sucfer.vthh glinqs aqd arrows of outrageous fovtunea oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and ba opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sqeep to say wegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 364 fit: 273 mean: 270.36 chromo: qo be zr notyaohbe that is the quentidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo sulfer.vthi hlinos aqd arrows of outrageous fovtunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say wegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 365 fit: 273 mean: 270.40 chromo: qo be zr notyaowbe that is the queytibn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthi vlinos aqd arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a syeep to say weaezd. theaheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 366 fit: 273 mean: 270.62 chromo: qo be zr notloowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo sucfer.vthh glinqs aqd arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say weaezd. theaheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 367 fit: 273 mean: 270.68 chromo: qo be zr notlyoqbe that is the quentien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suufer.vthi glines aqd arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and ba opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say webezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 368 fit: 273 mean: 270.77 chromo: qo be cr notyoohbe that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suufer.vthh hlines aqd arrows of outrageous fobtunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeep to say wegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 369 fit: 274 mean: 270.84 chromo: qo be zr notloohbe that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind no suqfer.vthi glinos aqd arrows of outrageous fobtuneh oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say wegezd. theaheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 370 fit: 274 mean: 270.91 chromo: qo be zr notloohbe that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind no suqfer.vthi glinos aqd arrows of outrageous fobtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say wegezd. theeheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 371 fit: 273 mean: 270.82 chromo: qo be cr notvaowbe that is the quentidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo sucfer.vthh hlinos aqd arrows of outrageous fobtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeep to say webezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 372 fit: 274 mean: 270.88 chromo: ko be zr notloohbe that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind no suqfer.vthv plinos aqd arrows of outrageous fobtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sseep to say wegezd. theeheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 373 fit: 273 mean: 270.89 chromo: qo be zr notloohbe that is the queytiln. whether tis nobler in the mind no suufer.vthh glinks aqd arrows of outrageous fovtunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say wegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 374 fit: 273 mean: 270.93 chromo: qo be cr notyoowbe that is the queytibn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vtho hlines aqd arrows of outrageous fobtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say webezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 375 fit: 273 mean: 271.10 chromo: qo be zr notlyozbe that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suufer.vtho glines aqd arrows of outrageous fobtunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say webezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 376 fit: 273 mean: 271.14 chromo: qo be zr notlooqbe that is the quentidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo su.fer.vtho hlinos azd arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say wegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 377 fit: 274 mean: 271.26 chromo: qo be zr notlxowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vtho glinqs aqd arrows of outrageous fovtunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and be opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 378 fit: 274 mean: 271.37 chromo: qo be zr notvyobbe that is the quewtian. whether tis nobler in the mind jo su.fer.vthi glinxs azd arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say we emd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 379 fit: 274 mean: 271.28 chromo: qo be zr notloozbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suufer.vthi glinos aqd arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a s a of troubles and ba opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 380 fit: 274 mean: 271.34 chromo: qo be xr notldohbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind po suqfer.vthi glines aqd arrows of outrageous fobtunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand batural shocks.
gen: 381 fit: 274 mean: 271.38 chromo: qo be zr notloohbe that is the quentibn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthi glines aqd arrows of outrageous fovtunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 382 fit: 274 mean: 271.33 chromo: qo be zr notyoowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vtho hlines aqd arrows of outrageous fovtunea oo to take arms against a s a of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say we ezd. theaheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 383 fit: 274 mean: 271.30 chromo: qo be zr notyoowbe that is the queytiln. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vtho hlines aqd arrows of outrageous fo.tunea oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sveep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 384 fit: 274 mean: 271.28 chromo: qo be cr notlyowbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suufer.vthh glinqs aqd arrows of outrageous fo.tunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sveep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 385 fit: 274 mean: 271.38 chromo: qo be cr notloowbe that is the queytirn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suufer.vthh hlines aqd arrows of outrageous fostunea oi to take arms against a s a of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a syeep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand batural shocks.
gen: 386 fit: 274 mean: 271.40 chromo: qo be zr notloowbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind ao suufer.vthq hlines aqd arrows of outrageous fovtunem oi to take arms against a sya of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a sseep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 387 fit: 274 mean: 271.43 chromo: qo be zr notyoobbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthh hlinos azd arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sseep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 388 fit: 274 mean: 271.38 chromo: qo be cr notloowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthh hlines aqd arrows of outrageous fo.tunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bg opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a szeep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand batural shocks.
gen: 389 fit: 274 mean: 271.44 chromo: qo be zr notloowbe that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vtho glinos aqd arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 390 fit: 274 mean: 271.43 chromo: qo be zr notyoohbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthi glinos aqd arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sbeep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 391 fit: 275 mean: 271.41 chromo: qo be zr notyoohbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind po suufer.vtho glinqs and arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say we ezd. theaheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 392 fit: 274 mean: 271.50 chromo: qo be zr notyyowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthv glinqs aqd arrows of outrageous fovtuneh om to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a sveep to say we ezd. theaheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 393 fit: 274 mean: 271.56 chromo: qo be zr notlyobbe that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suufer.vthi glinqs aqd arrows of outrageous fostuneg oo to take arms against a s a of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say we ezd. theaheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 394 fit: 274 mean: 271.57 chromo: qo be zr notyoohbe that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind ao suqfer.vtho hlinos a.d arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a sseep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 395 fit: 274 mean: 271.62 chromo: qo be zr notsoohbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthv hlinqs aqd arrows of outrageous fovtunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and ba opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 396 fit: 274 mean: 271.71 chromo: qo be cr notyoohbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suufer.vtho hlinos aqd arrows of outrageous fovtunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we ezd. theeheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 397 fit: 275 mean: 271.62 chromo: qo be zr notydohbe that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind po suqfer.vthi hlinqs and arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 398 fit: 274 mean: 271.76 chromo: qo be cr notyyohbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind ao suqfer.kthh glinos aqd arrows of outrageous fovtunem oi to take arms against a s a of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a sveep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 399 fit: 275 mean: 271.86 chromo: qo be zr notyyoxbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthi hlinos and arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 400 fit: 275 mean: 271.87 chromo: qo be zr notyyoxbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthi hlinos and arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sseep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 401 fit: 275 mean: 272.00 chromo: qo be zr notlyohbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind ao suffer.vtho glines aqd arrows of outrageous fovtunem oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sveep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 402 fit: 275 mean: 271.98 chromo: qo be zr notloohbe that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vtho hlines and arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a sveep to say we ezd. theeheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 403 fit: 275 mean: 272.04 chromo: qo be zr notlyohbe that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind no suqfer.vtho glinqs and arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 404 fit: 275 mean: 271.97 chromo: qo be cr notlyohbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glinos and arrows of outrageous fovtunem oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeep to say wegezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 405 fit: 275 mean: 272.10 chromo: qo be cr notlyowbe that is the quewtiun. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suufer.vthv mlines and arrows of outrageous fovtunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a sveep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 406 fit: 276 mean: 272.11 chromo: qo be zr notyoowbe that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.kthh glines and arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sseep to say we ezd. theeheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 407 fit: 276 mean: 272.29 chromo: qo be zr notatowbe th.t is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suufer.vthh glines and arrows of outrageous fo.tunem om to take arms against a s a of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sveep to say we eod. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 408 fit: 277 mean: 272.28 chromo: qo be zr notyyowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glinos and arrows of outrageous fovtunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sseep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 409 fit: 276 mean: 272.33 chromo: qo be cr notltowbe that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind no suqfer.vthi glinos and arrows of outrageous fovtunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and hy a sjeep to say we eod. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 410 fit: 276 mean: 272.27 chromo: qo be zr notytowbe that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suqfer.vthi hlinos and arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bt opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say wegezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 411 fit: 277 mean: 272.47 chromo: qo be zr notstowbe that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fovtunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we ezd. theaheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 412 fit: 277 mean: 272.47 chromo: qo be zr notstowbe that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fovtunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we ezd. theaheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 413 fit: 277 mean: 272.78 chromo: qo be zr notyyowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind no suffer.vthh hlinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 414 fit: 277 mean: 273.07 chromo: qo be qr notyoohbe that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthh hlinqs and arrows of outrageous fostunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a sseep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 415 fit: 278 mean: 273.27 chromo: qo be qr notyoohbe that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthh hlinqs and arrows of outrageous fortunem oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 416 fit: 277 mean: 273.41 chromo: qo be zr notltowbe that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthh hlines and arrows of outrageous fovtuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sveep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 417 fit: 278 mean: 273.60 chromo: qo be cr notltobbe that ik the quedtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind no suffer.vtho glinss and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 418 fit: 278 mean: 273.72 chromo: qo be cr notltowbe that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho hlines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 419 fit: 278 mean: 273.83 chromo: qo be cr notltowbe that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho hlines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. theoheartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 420 fit: 278 mean: 273.92 chromo: qo be zr notltowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.kthh hlinqs and arrows of outrageous fovtunem oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 421 fit: 278 mean: 274.00 chromo: qo be zr notltowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.kthh hlinqs and arrows of outrageous fovtunem oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 422 fit: 279 mean: 274.27 chromo: qo be zr notltohbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho mlines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 423 fit: 279 mean: 274.38 chromo: qo be zr notltohbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho mlines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 424 fit: 279 mean: 274.41 chromo: qo be hr notytohbe that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sbeep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 425 fit: 279 mean: 274.50 chromo: qo be zr notltowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthv hlines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we evd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 426 fit: 279 mean: 274.75 chromo: qo be zr notltowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthv hlines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we evd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 427 fit: 279 mean: 275.01 chromo: qo be zr notltowbe that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glinqs and arrows of outrageous fortunem oi to take arms against a sza of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 428 fit: 279 mean: 275.09 chromo: qo be qr notytohbe that is the quedtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind no suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortunem oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 429 fit: 279 mean: 275.14 chromo: qo be cr notltowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho hlines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 430 fit: 279 mean: 275.38 chromo: qo be zr notltohbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthv hlinqs and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sheep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 431 fit: 279 mean: 275.54 chromo: qo be cr notltowbe that is the quewtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthv glinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morel and by a sbeep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand uatural shocks.
gen: 432 fit: 279 mean: 275.58 chromo: fo be zr notltohbe that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind no suffer.vthh mlines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 433 fit: 279 mean: 275.69 chromo: qo be zr notltowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthh glinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morel and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 434 fit: 279 mean: 275.76 chromo: qo be cr notytowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho hlines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morel and by a sseep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 435 fit: 279 mean: 275.79 chromo: qo be cr notytohbe that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthh hlinqs and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 436 fit: 279 mean: 275.89 chromo: qo be zr notytobbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho hlinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 437 fit: 279 mean: 275.94 chromo: qo be zr notytowbe that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glinss and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 438 fit: 279 mean: 276.15 chromo: qo be zr notltohbe that is the quedtien. whether tis nobler in the mind no suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 439 fit: 279 mean: 276.25 chromo: qo be zr notytowbe that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind ao suffer.vtho hlines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a syeep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 440 fit: 280 mean: 276.39 chromo: qo be cr notytohbe that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho hlinqs and arrows of outrageous fortunem oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 441 fit: 279 mean: 276.52 chromo: qo be zr notltowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind ao suffer.vthh hlinqs and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sza of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a syeep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 442 fit: 280 mean: 276.50 chromo: qo be zr notyto be that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glinqs and arrows of outrageous fortuneh of to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 443 fit: 279 mean: 276.57 chromo: qo be zr notltowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind no suffer.vtho glinos and arrows of outrageous fortunem oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sseep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 444 fit: 279 mean: 276.57 chromo: qo be cr notytowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthv glines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 445 fit: 279 mean: 276.64 chromo: qo be zr notytowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind no suffer.vtho hlinss and arrows of outrageous fortunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a sbeep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 446 fit: 279 mean: 276.64 chromo: qo be cr notytowbe that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 447 fit: 279 mean: 276.66 chromo: qo be zr notytowbe that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthv hlinqs and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sbeep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand gatural shocks.
gen: 448 fit: 279 mean: 276.68 chromo: qo be cr notltowbe that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind no suffer.vthh hlinqs and arrows of outrageous fortuneg oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 449 fit: 279 mean: 276.76 chromo: qo be zr notltowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho hlinos and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 450 fit: 279 mean: 276.92 chromo: qo be cr notytozbe that is the quedtien. whether tis nobler in the mind no suffer.vthv glines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bd opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 451 fit: 279 mean: 277.02 chromo: qo be cr notltohbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthv glinqs and arrows of outrageous fortunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ebd. the heartache and the thousand gatural shocks.
gen: 452 fit: 280 mean: 277.11 chromo: to be zr notltowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho mlinos and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 453 fit: 280 mean: 277.29 chromo: to be zr notltowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho mlinos and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 454 fit: 280 mean: 277.24 chromo: qo be zr notyto be that is the quedtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho hlines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a sbeep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 455 fit: 280 mean: 277.23 chromo: to be cr notytohbe that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind no suffer.vthi hlinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sza of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 456 fit: 280 mean: 277.23 chromo: to be cr notltohbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind no suffer.vtho hlinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sza of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand gatural shocks.
gen: 457 fit: 280 mean: 277.35 chromo: qo be zr notltowbe that is the queytion. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho hlines and arrows of outrageous fortunem oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 458 fit: 280 mean: 277.50 chromo: qo be zr notlto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.ktho glines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 459 fit: 280 mean: 277.55 chromo: qo be zr notlto be that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sbeep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 460 fit: 280 mean: 277.63 chromo: to be cr notytohbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind no suffer.vthi glinos and arrows of outrageous fortunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 461 fit: 280 mean: 277.52 chromo: qo be cr notyto be that is the quedtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind ao suffer.vtho plinqs and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a sza of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morep and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 462 fit: 280 mean: 277.55 chromo: qo be cr notlto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 463 fit: 280 mean: 277.56 chromo: to be zr notltowbe that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.ktho glinqs and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 464 fit: 280 mean: 277.57 chromo: qo be zr notyto be that is the quewtibn. whether tis nobler in the mind no suffer.vtho hlinqs and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sseep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 465 fit: 280 mean: 277.45 chromo: qo be zr notlto be that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glinqs and arrows of outrageous fortuneg oi to take arms against a sza of troubles and bd opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 466 fit: 280 mean: 277.48 chromo: to be cr notytohbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho hlinqs and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 467 fit: 280 mean: 277.40 chromo: to be cr notytohbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho hlinqs and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 468 fit: 280 mean: 277.46 chromo: qo be cr notlto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a syeep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 469 fit: 281 mean: 277.57 chromo: to be cr notyto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho hlines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh of to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 470 fit: 280 mean: 277.47 chromo: to be cr notltowbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind no suffer.vtho hlines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 471 fit: 280 mean: 277.52 chromo: qo be cr notyto be that is the queytibn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthh glines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh og to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 472 fit: 280 mean: 277.61 chromo: to be zr notltowbe that is the queytibn. whether tis nobler in the mind no suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 473 fit: 281 mean: 277.80 chromo: to be zr notlto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthv glinqs and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oo to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sbeep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 474 fit: 280 mean: 277.89 chromo: qo be cr notlto be that is the queitidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glinqs and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand gatural shocks.
gen: 475 fit: 281 mean: 277.82 chromo: to be cr notyto be that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind no suffer.vtho hlinqs and arrows of outrageous fortuneh og to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 476 fit: 281 mean: 277.78 chromo: to be zr notyto be that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a s.eep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 477 fit: 281 mean: 277.93 chromo: to be cr notlto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind ao suffer.vtht glines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we emd. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 478 fit: 281 mean: 278.02 chromo: to be cr notlto be that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we emd. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 479 fit: 281 mean: 277.92 chromo: to be cr notyto be that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glinfs and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 480 fit: 281 mean: 277.96 chromo: to be qr notlto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthh llines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh og to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand vatural shocks.
gen: 481 fit: 281 mean: 277.91 chromo: to be zr notlto be that is the queytibn. whether tis nobler in the mind ao suffer.vtho hlinys and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 482 fit: 281 mean: 277.79 chromo: to be cr notyto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthh glinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand gatural shocks.
gen: 483 fit: 281 mean: 277.93 chromo: to be zr notyto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 484 fit: 281 mean: 278.06 chromo: to be zr notyto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho hlines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sseep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 485 fit: 281 mean: 278.13 chromo: to be cr notyto be that is the queitien. whether tis nobler in the mind io suffer.vtho glinqs and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 486 fit: 281 mean: 278.08 chromo: to be zr notyto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glinqs and arrows of outrageous fortunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 487 fit: 281 mean: 278.24 chromo: to be rr nottto be that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sweep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 488 fit: 281 mean: 278.29 chromo: to be cr notlto be that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthv glinqs and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 489 fit: 281 mean: 278.38 chromo: to be rr notlto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho hlinos and arrows of outrageous fortunea oy to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand gatural shocks.
gen: 490 fit: 281 mean: 278.44 chromo: to be zr not towbe that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we edd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 491 fit: 281 mean: 278.45 chromo: to be zr nottto be that is the quewtibn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho hlinos and arrows of outrageous fortunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 492 fit: 281 mean: 278.59 chromo: to be zr notuto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 493 fit: 281 mean: 278.70 chromo: to be cr notlto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glinqs and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bd opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we edd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 494 fit: 281 mean: 278.78 chromo: to be rr notlto be that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we edd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 495 fit: 282 mean: 278.83 chromo: to be zr not to be that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 496 fit: 281 mean: 278.97 chromo: to be zr notlto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sza of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sbeep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 497 fit: 281 mean: 279.00 chromo: to be zr notyto be that is the quedtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bd opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 498 fit: 281 mean: 279.07 chromo: to be zr not to be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glinys and arrows ofooutrageous fortuneh og to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeep to say we emd. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 499 fit: 281 mean: 279.21 chromo: to be qr notyto be that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oy to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 500 fit: 281 mean: 279.12 chromo: to be zr notlto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glinos and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sweep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 501 fit: 281 mean: 279.26 chromo: to be zr notlto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bd opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 502 fit: 281 mean: 279.27 chromo: to be zr notyto be that is the queitidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.othh glinqs and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morex and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 503 fit: 282 mean: 279.22 chromo: to be cr notlto be that is the queytixn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morex and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 504 fit: 282 mean: 279.25 chromo: to be zr not to be that is the quedtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtht glines and arrows of outrageous fortunem og to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 505 fit: 281 mean: 279.22 chromo: to be cr nottto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.ktho hlinqs and arrows of outrageous fortunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 506 fit: 282 mean: 279.23 chromo: to be zr notyto be that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slinqs and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bd opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 507 fit: 282 mean: 279.24 chromo: to be cr notlto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slinos and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a sta of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand vatural shocks.
gen: 508 fit: 282 mean: 279.39 chromo: to be cr notyto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we edd. the heartache and the thousand katural shocks.
gen: 509 fit: 282 mean: 279.47 chromo: to be or notlto be that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sza of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 510 fit: 282 mean: 279.50 chromo: to be or notuto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortunem oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sseep to say we emd. the heartache and the thousand gatural shocks.
gen: 511 fit: 282 mean: 279.42 chromo: to be zr notyto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 512 fit: 283 mean: 279.43 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vth  slinys and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oy to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 513 fit: 282 mean: 279.41 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 514 fit: 282 mean: 279.39 chromo: to be zr notyto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bd opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 515 fit: 282 mean: 279.34 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the queitien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho glinqs and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bd opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 516 fit: 282 mean: 279.43 chromo: to be or notuto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind io suffer.vthq glines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sta of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a syeep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 517 fit: 282 mean: 279.48 chromo: to be zr nottto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh og to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 518 fit: 283 mean: 279.50 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the quedtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sta of troubles and bd opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a syeep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand satural shocks.
gen: 519 fit: 283 mean: 279.56 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oq to take arms against a sta of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 520 fit: 283 mean: 279.62 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oq to take arms against a sta of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 521 fit: 284 mean: 279.67 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the quedtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthr slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sweep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 522 fit: 284 mean: 279.77 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthr slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a s.eep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 523 fit: 284 mean: 279.97 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the quedtidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slinos and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a s.eep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand satural shocks.
gen: 524 fit: 284 mean: 280.18 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the quedtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vth  slines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 525 fit: 284 mean: 280.33 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the quewtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we edd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 526 fit: 284 mean: 280.42 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the quedtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.oth  slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a s.eep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand satural shocks.
gen: 527 fit: 284 mean: 280.44 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we edd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 528 fit: 284 mean: 280.60 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the quedtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vth  slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a syeep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 529 fit: 284 mean: 280.59 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the queitien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slinos and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 530 fit: 284 mean: 280.77 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the quedtien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 531 fit: 284 mean: 280.86 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.otho slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a s.eep to say we edd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 532 fit: 285 mean: 281.13 chromo: to be zr notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthh slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a ssa of troubles and bd opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a s.eep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 533 fit: 284 mean: 281.16 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bd opposing end them. ko die to sleep. no moreh and by a sweep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 534 fit: 285 mean: 281.23 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we edd. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 535 fit: 285 mean: 281.38 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we edd. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 536 fit: 285 mean: 281.37 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we edd. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 537 fit: 285 mean: 281.54 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we edd. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 538 fit: 285 mean: 281.69 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 539 fit: 285 mean: 281.67 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 540 fit: 286 mean: 281.73 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 541 fit: 286 mean: 281.72 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortunel oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 542 fit: 286 mean: 281.74 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthh slinos and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 543 fit: 286 mean: 281.84 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 544 fit: 287 mean: 281.96 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bd opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 545 fit: 286 mean: 282.00 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a syeep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 546 fit: 286 mean: 282.12 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 547 fit: 286 mean: 282.16 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 548 fit: 285 mean: 282.23 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a sea ofhtroubles and bd opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sseep to say we ezd. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 549 fit: 286 mean: 282.24 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthh slinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneh ow to take arms against a sea of troubles and bd opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sseep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 550 fit: 286 mean: 282.29 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthh slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bd opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sseep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 551 fit: 286 mean: 282.51 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneh od to take arms against a sea of troubles and bx opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sgeep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 552 fit: 286 mean: 282.61 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bg opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 553 fit: 286 mean: 282.57 chromo: to be or notlto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slinos and arrows of outrageous fortunel oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 554 fit: 286 mean: 282.85 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 555 fit: 286 mean: 282.93 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the queytidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthh slines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bd opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 556 fit: 286 mean: 282.98 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 557 fit: 286 mean: 283.08 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the queytien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.othh slinqs and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sgeep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 558 fit: 287 mean: 283.17 chromo: to be or notuto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oq to take arms against a sea of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 559 fit: 286 mean: 283.26 chromo: to be or notuto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneg oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moreh and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 560 fit: 287 mean: 283.32 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh og to take arms against a sea of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no moren and by a sseep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 561 fit: 287 mean: 283.39 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slinqs and arrows of outrageous fortuneh og to take arms against a sea of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 562 fit: 287 mean: 283.48 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneg oq to take arms against a sea of troubles and bv opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 563 fit: 287 mean: 283.60 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bd opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 564 fit: 287 mean: 283.69 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bd opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 565 fit: 287 mean: 283.77 chromo: to be or notuto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no morev and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 566 fit: 288 mean: 283.96 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthh slinos and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 567 fit: 288 mean: 283.97 chromo: to be or notuto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthh slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 568 fit: 288 mean: 284.11 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneh og to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural ghocks.
gen: 569 fit: 289 mean: 284.10 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh og to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 570 fit: 289 mean: 284.08 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh og to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 571 fit: 289 mean: 284.18 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.othe slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh og to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 572 fit: 288 mean: 284.21 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthr slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh og to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 573 fit: 288 mean: 284.35 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneh og to take arms against a sea of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 574 fit: 288 mean: 284.40 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.otho slinws and arrows of outrageous fortunel og to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sgeep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 575 fit: 289 mean: 284.64 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 576 fit: 289 mean: 284.81 chromo: to be or notuto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 577 fit: 288 mean: 284.85 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bb opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 578 fit: 288 mean: 284.93 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vtho slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 579 fit: 289 mean: 284.80 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 580 fit: 289 mean: 284.82 chromo: to be or notuto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneq od to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 581 fit: 288 mean: 284.86 chromo: to be or nottto bm that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slines and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 582 fit: 288 mean: 284.96 chromo: to be or notuto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slines and arrows of outrageous fortunem oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and bf opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 583 fit: 289 mean: 285.24 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slinos and arrows of outrageous fortunem oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 584 fit: 289 mean: 285.37 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 585 fit: 289 mean: 285.49 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind j  suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortunel oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 586 fit: 289 mean: 285.54 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slinos and arrows of outrageous fortunea oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 587 fit: 289 mean: 285.63 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand katural shocks.
gen: 588 fit: 290 mean: 285.87 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh od to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 589 fit: 290 mean: 285.99 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortunel oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 590 fit: 289 mean: 286.00 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slinos and arrows of outrageous fortuneh od to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 591 fit: 290 mean: 286.03 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh od to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 592 fit: 290 mean: 286.03 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 593 fit: 290 mean: 286.18 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 594 fit: 290 mean: 286.25 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oq to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 595 fit: 290 mean: 286.42 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oq to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 596 fit: 290 mean: 286.54 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 597 fit: 290 mean: 286.59 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortunel oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 598 fit: 290 mean: 286.74 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oq to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 599 fit: 290 mean: 286.85 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortunel oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 600 fit: 290 mean: 286.91 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortunel oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand katural shocks.
gen: 601 fit: 290 mean: 286.96 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a s.eep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand katural shocks.
gen: 602 fit: 290 mean: 286.85 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 603 fit: 290 mean: 286.91 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh od to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 604 fit: 290 mean: 286.96 chromo: to be or notuto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 605 fit: 290 mean: 287.01 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 606 fit: 290 mean: 286.99 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortunel oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 607 fit: 290 mean: 287.20 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq od to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 608 fit: 290 mean: 287.25 chromo: to be or notuto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 609 fit: 290 mean: 287.35 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortunel od to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 610 fit: 290 mean: 287.62 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 611 fit: 290 mean: 287.69 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneg oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 612 fit: 290 mean: 287.66 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneg oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand katural shocks.
gen: 613 fit: 290 mean: 287.68 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 614 fit: 290 mean: 287.60 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneg oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand katural shocks.
gen: 615 fit: 290 mean: 287.76 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 616 fit: 290 mean: 287.84 chromo: to be or notuto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 617 fit: 290 mean: 287.91 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand katural shocks.
gen: 618 fit: 290 mean: 287.87 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 619 fit: 290 mean: 287.92 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 620 fit: 290 mean: 287.93 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand katural shocks.
gen: 621 fit: 290 mean: 288.03 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 622 fit: 290 mean: 287.97 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.uthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 623 fit: 290 mean: 288.18 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 624 fit: 290 mean: 288.15 chromo: to be or notuto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand fatural shocks.
gen: 625 fit: 290 mean: 288.19 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand katural shocks.
gen: 626 fit: 290 mean: 288.17 chromo: to be or notuto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 627 fit: 290 mean: 288.30 chromo: to be or notuto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand zatural shocks.
gen: 628 fit: 290 mean: 288.29 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 629 fit: 290 mean: 288.34 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.uthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 630 fit: 291 mean: 288.36 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 631 fit: 290 mean: 288.29 chromo: to be or notuto be that is the questidn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 632 fit: 291 mean: 288.26 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 633 fit: 291 mean: 288.33 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 634 fit: 291 mean: 288.39 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 635 fit: 291 mean: 288.40 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 636 fit: 291 mean: 288.32 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand katural shocks.
gen: 637 fit: 290 mean: 288.27 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq od to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 638 fit: 291 mean: 288.20 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 639 fit: 291 mean: 288.34 chromo: to be or notuto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 640 fit: 290 mean: 288.32 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 641 fit: 291 mean: 288.30 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 642 fit: 291 mean: 288.22 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 643 fit: 291 mean: 288.37 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questibn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 644 fit: 291 mean: 288.45 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questibn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq og to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 645 fit: 291 mean: 288.45 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 646 fit: 291 mean: 288.37 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind yo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 647 fit: 291 mean: 288.38 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questibn. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 648 fit: 291 mean: 288.31 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 649 fit: 291 mean: 288.36 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 650 fit: 291 mean: 288.31 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortunee oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 651 fit: 291 mean: 288.21 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 652 fit: 292 mean: 288.28 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sveep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 653 fit: 292 mean: 288.31 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.athe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sweep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 654 fit: 292 mean: 288.36 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the questien. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh og to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 655 fit: 293 mean: 288.40 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh os to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 656 fit: 293 mean: 288.55 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq os to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 657 fit: 293 mean: 288.55 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq os to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 658 fit: 293 mean: 288.64 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq os to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 659 fit: 293 mean: 288.66 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq os to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 660 fit: 292 mean: 288.70 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh op to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand latural shocks.
gen: 661 fit: 293 mean: 288.82 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 662 fit: 293 mean: 288.99 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 663 fit: 293 mean: 288.96 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 664 fit: 293 mean: 288.99 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 665 fit: 293 mean: 289.30 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 666 fit: 293 mean: 289.46 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind yo suffer.uthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 667 fit: 293 mean: 289.65 chromo: to be or notato be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.uthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh os to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 668 fit: 293 mean: 289.64 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortunee oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 669 fit: 293 mean: 289.65 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq og to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 670 fit: 293 mean: 289.74 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 671 fit: 293 mean: 289.84 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 672 fit: 293 mean: 289.94 chromo: to be or notato be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.uthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 673 fit: 293 mean: 289.78 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortunee od to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 674 fit: 293 mean: 289.77 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind yo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 675 fit: 293 mean: 289.84 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh og to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 676 fit: 293 mean: 289.87 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 677 fit: 293 mean: 289.95 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 678 fit: 293 mean: 290.01 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 679 fit: 293 mean: 290.05 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 680 fit: 293 mean: 290.15 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind yo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 681 fit: 293 mean: 290.11 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind yo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 682 fit: 293 mean: 290.15 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind yo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 683 fit: 293 mean: 290.28 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh ob to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 684 fit: 293 mean: 290.32 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 685 fit: 293 mean: 290.48 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq og to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 686 fit: 293 mean: 290.63 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 687 fit: 293 mean: 290.73 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh og to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 688 fit: 293 mean: 290.80 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 689 fit: 293 mean: 290.80 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh og to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 690 fit: 293 mean: 290.94 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 691 fit: 293 mean: 291.06 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh og to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 692 fit: 293 mean: 291.02 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuned oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 693 fit: 293 mean: 291.11 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.ythe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh od to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 694 fit: 293 mean: 291.02 chromo: to be or notuto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 695 fit: 293 mean: 291.09 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 696 fit: 293 mean: 291.13 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind yo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq og to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 697 fit: 294 mean: 291.30 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 698 fit: 294 mean: 291.39 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 699 fit: 294 mean: 291.45 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 700 fit: 294 mean: 291.38 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 701 fit: 294 mean: 291.32 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. og to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 702 fit: 294 mean: 291.41 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 703 fit: 294 mean: 291.45 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 704 fit: 294 mean: 291.37 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 705 fit: 294 mean: 291.31 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 706 fit: 294 mean: 291.32 chromo: to be or nottto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 707 fit: 294 mean: 291.37 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows oo outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 708 fit: 295 mean: 291.34 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. ob to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 709 fit: 295 mean: 291.35 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 710 fit: 295 mean: 291.40 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 711 fit: 295 mean: 291.48 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 712 fit: 294 mean: 291.50 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 713 fit: 294 mean: 291.49 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 714 fit: 294 mean: 291.42 chromo: to be or notyto be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind yo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. ob to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 715 fit: 295 mean: 291.42 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. ob to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 716 fit: 295 mean: 291.50 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 717 fit: 294 mean: 291.66 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortunt. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 718 fit: 294 mean: 291.68 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneh oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 719 fit: 294 mean: 291.72 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind yo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortuneq oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 720 fit: 295 mean: 291.80 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 721 fit: 295 mean: 291.77 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 722 fit: 295 mean: 291.93 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 723 fit: 295 mean: 291.98 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 724 fit: 295 mean: 291.96 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 725 fit: 295 mean: 291.99 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 726 fit: 295 mean: 291.94 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oa to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 727 fit: 295 mean: 292.05 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 728 fit: 295 mean: 292.15 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 729 fit: 295 mean: 292.31 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 730 fit: 295 mean: 292.29 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 731 fit: 295 mean: 292.28 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 732 fit: 296 mean: 292.35 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 733 fit: 295 mean: 292.38 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 734 fit: 295 mean: 292.53 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 735 fit: 295 mean: 292.56 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 736 fit: 295 mean: 292.54 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 737 fit: 295 mean: 292.63 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in thezmind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 738 fit: 296 mean: 292.78 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 739 fit: 296 mean: 292.77 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.ythe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 740 fit: 296 mean: 292.84 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 741 fit: 296 mean: 292.78 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 742 fit: 295 mean: 292.68 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 743 fit: 296 mean: 292.68 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 744 fit: 296 mean: 292.70 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 745 fit: 295 mean: 292.77 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. os to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 746 fit: 295 mean: 292.67 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind jo suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 747 fit: 296 mean: 292.84 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 748 fit: 296 mean: 292.91 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 749 fit: 296 mean: 293.01 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 750 fit: 296 mean: 293.18 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 751 fit: 296 mean: 293.19 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 752 fit: 296 mean: 293.16 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 753 fit: 296 mean: 293.10 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 754 fit: 296 mean: 293.15 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 755 fit: 296 mean: 293.27 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 756 fit: 296 mean: 293.30 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 757 fit: 296 mean: 293.44 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 758 fit: 296 mean: 293.42 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 759 fit: 296 mean: 293.36 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.uthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 760 fit: 296 mean: 293.30 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 761 fit: 296 mean: 293.32 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 762 fit: 296 mean: 293.34 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 763 fit: 296 mean: 293.43 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 764 fit: 296 mean: 293.44 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 765 fit: 296 mean: 293.49 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.ythe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 766 fit: 296 mean: 293.46 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.ythe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 767 fit: 296 mean: 293.63 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.ythe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 768 fit: 296 mean: 293.62 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.uthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 769 fit: 296 mean: 293.58 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oa to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 770 fit: 296 mean: 293.65 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. o  to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 771 fit: 296 mean: 293.77 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 772 fit: 296 mean: 293.88 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 773 fit: 296 mean: 294.01 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 774 fit: 296 mean: 294.06 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.uthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 775 fit: 296 mean: 294.10 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 776 fit: 296 mean: 294.09 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 777 fit: 296 mean: 294.23 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 778 fit: 296 mean: 294.32 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.uthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 779 fit: 296 mean: 294.30 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 780 fit: 296 mean: 294.35 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 781 fit: 296 mean: 294.38 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 782 fit: 296 mean: 294.38 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 783 fit: 296 mean: 294.41 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. o  to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 784 fit: 296 mean: 294.36 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. o  to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 785 fit: 296 mean: 294.35 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 786 fit: 296 mean: 294.43 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 787 fit: 296 mean: 294.27 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 788 fit: 296 mean: 294.25 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 789 fit: 296 mean: 294.18 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 790 fit: 296 mean: 294.14 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 791 fit: 296 mean: 294.11 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 792 fit: 296 mean: 294.16 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 793 fit: 296 mean: 294.29 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 794 fit: 296 mean: 294.34 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 795 fit: 296 mean: 294.34 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. o  to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 796 fit: 296 mean: 294.26 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 797 fit: 296 mean: 294.26 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 798 fit: 296 mean: 294.21 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 799 fit: 296 mean: 294.26 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 800 fit: 296 mean: 294.18 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 801 fit: 296 mean: 294.13 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 802 fit: 296 mean: 294.13 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 803 fit: 296 mean: 294.08 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 804 fit: 296 mean: 294.02 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. o  to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 805 fit: 296 mean: 293.96 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 806 fit: 296 mean: 294.01 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 807 fit: 296 mean: 293.98 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 808 fit: 296 mean: 294.09 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 809 fit: 296 mean: 294.11 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.uthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 810 fit: 296 mean: 294.17 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 811 fit: 296 mean: 294.25 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 812 fit: 296 mean: 294.19 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. os to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 813 fit: 296 mean: 294.14 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 814 fit: 296 mean: 294.14 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.uthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 815 fit: 296 mean: 294.12 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 816 fit: 296 mean: 294.08 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 817 fit: 296 mean: 294.06 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 818 fit: 296 mean: 294.08 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.uthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 819 fit: 296 mean: 294.15 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.uthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 820 fit: 296 mean: 294.25 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 821 fit: 296 mean: 294.22 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 822 fit: 296 mean: 294.18 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 823 fit: 296 mean: 294.23 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 824 fit: 296 mean: 294.20 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 825 fit: 296 mean: 294.18 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 826 fit: 296 mean: 294.21 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 827 fit: 296 mean: 294.23 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.uthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 828 fit: 296 mean: 294.16 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 829 fit: 296 mean: 294.19 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.tthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 830 fit: 296 mean: 294.13 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.uthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 831 fit: 296 mean: 294.12 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.uthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 832 fit: 296 mean: 294.05 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 833 fit: 296 mean: 293.99 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.uthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 834 fit: 296 mean: 293.94 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 835 fit: 296 mean: 294.01 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 836 fit: 296 mean: 294.18 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.uthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 837 fit: 296 mean: 294.09 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 838 fit: 296 mean: 294.12 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 839 fit: 296 mean: 294.16 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.uthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 840 fit: 296 mean: 294.21 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 841 fit: 296 mean: 294.24 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 842 fit: 296 mean: 294.24 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.tthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 843 fit: 296 mean: 294.38 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 844 fit: 296 mean: 294.38 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 845 fit: 296 mean: 294.33 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 846 fit: 296 mean: 294.32 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.uthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 847 fit: 296 mean: 294.38 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 848 fit: 296 mean: 294.42 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 849 fit: 296 mean: 294.34 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 850 fit: 296 mean: 294.32 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 851 fit: 296 mean: 294.27 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 852 fit: 297 mean: 294.23 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 853 fit: 297 mean: 294.23 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 854 fit: 297 mean: 294.29 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 855 fit: 297 mean: 294.27 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 856 fit: 297 mean: 294.30 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 857 fit: 296 mean: 294.18 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 858 fit: 297 mean: 294.10 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 859 fit: 296 mean: 294.19 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 860 fit: 297 mean: 294.13 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 861 fit: 297 mean: 294.22 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 862 fit: 297 mean: 294.33 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 863 fit: 297 mean: 294.33 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 864 fit: 297 mean: 294.45 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 865 fit: 297 mean: 294.34 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 866 fit: 296 mean: 294.33 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer.vthe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 867 fit: 297 mean: 294.27 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 868 fit: 297 mean: 294.35 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 869 fit: 297 mean: 294.35 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 870 fit: 297 mean: 294.36 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 871 fit: 297 mean: 294.41 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 872 fit: 297 mean: 294.40 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 873 fit: 297 mean: 294.40 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 874 fit: 297 mean: 294.29 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 875 fit: 297 mean: 294.27 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 876 fit: 297 mean: 294.34 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 877 fit: 297 mean: 294.36 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 878 fit: 297 mean: 294.32 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 879 fit: 297 mean: 294.36 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 880 fit: 297 mean: 294.34 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 881 fit: 297 mean: 294.33 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 882 fit: 297 mean: 294.35 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 883 fit: 297 mean: 294.53 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 884 fit: 297 mean: 294.49 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 885 fit: 297 mean: 294.58 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 886 fit: 297 mean: 294.54 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 887 fit: 297 mean: 294.63 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 888 fit: 297 mean: 294.56 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 889 fit: 297 mean: 294.57 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 890 fit: 297 mean: 294.65 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 891 fit: 297 mean: 294.68 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 892 fit: 297 mean: 294.90 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 893 fit: 297 mean: 294.95 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 894 fit: 297 mean: 295.02 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 895 fit: 297 mean: 295.10 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 896 fit: 297 mean: 295.12 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 897 fit: 297 mean: 295.18 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 898 fit: 297 mean: 295.32 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 899 fit: 297 mean: 295.43 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 900 fit: 297 mean: 295.43 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 901 fit: 297 mean: 295.37 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 902 fit: 297 mean: 295.47 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 903 fit: 297 mean: 295.51 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 904 fit: 297 mean: 295.42 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 905 fit: 297 mean: 295.41 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 906 fit: 297 mean: 295.35 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 907 fit: 297 mean: 295.35 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 908 fit: 297 mean: 295.21 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 909 fit: 297 mean: 295.19 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 910 fit: 297 mean: 295.06 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 911 fit: 297 mean: 294.99 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 912 fit: 297 mean: 295.05 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 913 fit: 297 mean: 294.92 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 914 fit: 297 mean: 295.00 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 915 fit: 297 mean: 295.03 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 916 fit: 297 mean: 295.06 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 917 fit: 297 mean: 295.15 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 918 fit: 297 mean: 295.10 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 919 fit: 297 mean: 295.26 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 920 fit: 297 mean: 295.33 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 921 fit: 297 mean: 295.39 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 922 fit: 297 mean: 295.36 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 923 fit: 297 mean: 295.39 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 924 fit: 297 mean: 295.44 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 925 fit: 297 mean: 295.44 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 926 fit: 297 mean: 295.38 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. ou to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 927 fit: 297 mean: 295.41 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 928 fit: 297 mean: 295.38 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 929 fit: 297 mean: 295.32 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 930 fit: 297 mean: 295.26 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 931 fit: 297 mean: 295.25 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 932 fit: 297 mean: 295.24 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 933 fit: 297 mean: 295.15 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 934 fit: 297 mean: 295.27 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 935 fit: 297 mean: 295.43 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 936 fit: 297 mean: 295.39 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 937 fit: 297 mean: 295.34 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 938 fit: 297 mean: 295.33 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 939 fit: 297 mean: 295.42 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 940 fit: 297 mean: 295.42 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 941 fit: 297 mean: 295.36 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 942 fit: 297 mean: 295.36 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 943 fit: 297 mean: 295.36 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 944 fit: 297 mean: 295.32 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 945 fit: 297 mean: 295.37 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 946 fit: 297 mean: 295.36 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 947 fit: 297 mean: 295.36 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 948 fit: 297 mean: 295.41 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 949 fit: 297 mean: 295.43 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 950 fit: 297 mean: 295.39 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oj to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 951 fit: 297 mean: 295.44 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 952 fit: 297 mean: 295.41 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 953 fit: 297 mean: 295.36 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 954 fit: 297 mean: 295.47 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 955 fit: 297 mean: 295.46 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 956 fit: 297 mean: 295.42 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 957 fit: 297 mean: 295.35 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. o  to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 958 fit: 297 mean: 295.25 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 959 fit: 297 mean: 295.18 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 960 fit: 297 mean: 295.07 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 961 fit: 297 mean: 294.97 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 962 fit: 297 mean: 295.04 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 963 fit: 297 mean: 294.93 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. o  to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 964 fit: 297 mean: 294.99 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 965 fit: 297 mean: 294.98 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 966 fit: 297 mean: 294.96 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 967 fit: 297 mean: 295.06 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 968 fit: 297 mean: 294.92 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 969 fit: 297 mean: 295.03 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 970 fit: 297 mean: 295.03 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 971 fit: 297 mean: 295.13 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 972 fit: 297 mean: 295.24 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 973 fit: 297 mean: 295.19 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. ot to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 974 fit: 297 mean: 295.18 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 975 fit: 297 mean: 295.20 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 976 fit: 297 mean: 295.08 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. o  to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 977 fit: 297 mean: 295.20 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 978 fit: 297 mean: 295.12 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 979 fit: 297 mean: 295.09 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 980 fit: 297 mean: 295.02 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oh to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 981 fit: 297 mean: 295.02 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 982 fit: 297 mean: 294.95 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 983 fit: 297 mean: 295.15 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 984 fit: 297 mean: 295.27 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 985 fit: 297 mean: 295.24 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 986 fit: 297 mean: 295.13 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 987 fit: 297 mean: 295.15 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 988 fit: 297 mean: 295.18 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 989 fit: 297 mean: 295.18 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 990 fit: 297 mean: 295.20 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 991 fit: 297 mean: 295.27 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 992 fit: 297 mean: 295.28 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 993 fit: 297 mean: 295.40 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 994 fit: 297 mean: 295.50 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 995 fit: 297 mean: 295.46 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 996 fit: 297 mean: 295.38 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 997 fit: 297 mean: 295.40 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 998 fit: 297 mean: 295.42 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. oi to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
gen: 999 fit: 298 mean: 295.34 chromo: to be or not to be that is the question. whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer. the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them. to die to sleep. no more. and by a sleep to say we end. the heartache and the thousand natural shocks.
run for 7.273481993333333 minutes, 999 gens

Process finished with exit code 0
NO ELITISM