C:\Users\djoff\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python36\python.exe C:/git/Evolutionary-Algorithms/ex1/part_b.py
(<class '__main__.ShakespeareGA'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.selection_strategy.RouletteWheelSelection'>, <class '__main__.CustomTextUniformCrossover'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.crossover_strategy.TwoParentsTwoChildren'>, <class '__main__.CustomTextMutation'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.genetic_algorithm.ApplyElitism'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.fitness_function.MistakesBasedFitnessFunc'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.genetic_algorithm.GeneticAlgorithm'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.selection_strategy.SelectionStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.crossover_strategy.CrossoverStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.mutation_strategy.MutationStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.fitness_function.FitnessFuncBase'>, <class 'abc.ABC'>, <class 'object'>)
elitism=10
mutation_rate=0.01
crossover_rate=0.75
 population_size=100
gen: 0 fit: -277 chromo: isusatcpctvztfikytrovosgtfnc.eypzfydnfjigthyb bn.spcx auohkuixnln.uulrmcjhqo mo uvac mljcryvltavmddpvcohbggu.ox phabxe zgltbjymmefwpkkf. .yjbavsqwiovsifikgnbmomjeb rpgoti..svyliet hibcnvolrkd.dud.roicdeojtfxw.zbpwqh tapdqahjqgckwoocanlnrbjrnsfswihegq.yrsyqkkkrpqlzoghv .gkdmikeh.ogzmvygusuehmkprkml
gen: 1 fit: -277 chromo: almpveptn ioxbobkopc dunctptknnmco aob pxgrcrghirkzq sk.eomjirr qkjjahprkowbjmzfebf ycvglaw eppomgimeojwoccjztg rvml.bderikxgvjfskpay hyeadxuvvghbbpqfytgkpc.aaayxvgnhjbttypfkhkzcm.abcxrinzb iemwnwhkmkie nc wwwu..tflbbfijgwiswkgn diifndalfzklxw.zugcw.qhxwdccfpuvauuyldnomiw.qddobueekqayf dy.fpo.wlej
gen: 2 fit: -275 chromo: ctmoihwspqpygpomeu tvg.orglfiezfgxfdfb crfauoegzyozwpzvcloqzqfvwsjosyocmtyhqgjwinorhrfisktiqbyr m.oltwoshanoxgbkwjktuw .yqflsswuvhpeoxwdhfkhisv hk.nglhplk.xazd idzjaycfzxao.bflnhylypsonwucuynavcetxavbvzwwqldregecbnfgmenev hwxcrcfkxftewrtriykwpabnckxtobkfot.seetocndwtoxvjzlsiqmlqftyzohpaehx j qdrg
gen: 3 fit: -275 chromo: ttzqthrqxuzy.te.eubnvf.crsltc bsglhwiqqdowdsqhglfizwozvclmebldiwtb ekowmgevyzjk.n rvysqs.nispng iksgu pph kyn hkw ndwz eaqzlesry npspxtdrobtassmjuzknvtfvllidaw wptjvqpos ffo.luc cp zkmmsmvez.axxergpsbfsowf.mqveecoun myn.vkhtaocvitxvjevxorv p nalnk flbqkmewni.ebxcmxit ojjzks.k.rqfwadilikzhxymiad.v
gen: 4 fit: -270 chromo: vowqthrckuzynistxubnufycyiqiqnbsgphwieqdowdsqhwlfiaejhvalmeyagsttt vkowmqe szj..k rnjktslnaslng xksso pps kyn zhpnxjwz raytdpsqq nrcpiieeobta om.fakn trvllxdaa xpgj apmh ffotw o up zylmsgngqvyxxxsgojbxsowv.sgtyejoannmynnvihfadeoytxmuepxormy lnxlt qxtblam wji.ubxcmxiy ojizbsjxessfrawitgnzexrmxanrv
gen: 5 fit: -268 chromo: vszprs.lxczdlyctkthanotg vkqqebpbp zmnq vwheo scutasjzoflmqwhtmtmf spmqrkf.slnteavgnjis lrzsqxzimgd arwetykuocyrlhkjuzdi.ytdpkvdutrbpikye b.y.bgmyirvfttzklifahfwpa edjchnngrhwx umpvnccnkend.qsmhdrrxxffsojtwewqybiwbh funolkvocmwm bwhwmp pkky skxeb exy.danejki.uwxnnonhvhqwwxqirewefgaudynizsjffbcr.vw
gen: 6 fit: -266 chromo: slzwagrtknsbnrstewpant.g vycbey hpwzfebckwtzbgfeatzwjzotlherytntshualhqnvl.sbwo konnjxt ltiqjxgbx.dsoaafgwfgtkvhznmjfz ipgtlhvwz.czsoifgexlatbdsbyqng.hflkscktgfiztp pcmhnclfbanreulvzizcuungqhyzkxsr jsxcotwlcjzehjgzbuffpfrivjcncbbbxhselnokmykske.y qxftyxnyjyhhrwoizoatvuqgwx.jxemrfrazholurlfflfmrkzb
gen: 7 fit: -266 chromo: wlziazrtknsgnrstewpant.g vrqbey hpwzfebcjwtkbgfeatzwjzotlherytntshuelwqnyl.sbwobkonnj t ltiqjhgbx.dsoiafgwfmtkzhznmjjz ipgtlhvwz.czaoif exlatgdshyqngshflkscktzfizxp pcmhnalfbaxreulvzizcuungqtyzkxsrwjsxcotmlcyzehjgzvuffpfrivjcncibbxhbelnukmykske.y qxwt.xnyjohhrwoizoatvuqgwx.jxemr razrpourlffnfmrkzb
gen: 8 fit: -264 chromo: vomqqhpqkuskntstvxpnvgag sa qbp bpwwmfj qjddlkfw tedoeoflheratlsm. xkmqatllqzwxikuunjet ldgqgnpccdosqmaptwkugaihkmlg.zdipypqh.wz cp oibymxbaa.psnyannlyfl scj ifizfpeacmh alrbluqecverxjtkgndqcyxcwsroo rcufolcftyejxnnufernnkusszcbbtwqoep pnkypspely  xkr.xmewaiirbomz.ay uqwhb.jqeosjxbzwkvurepfcxanyvb
gen: 9 fit: -262 chromo: tpzpjs.bxnhylretegbavwtgrsqeknyfblpdfaqwqwtdb ez iawjhotphqdm.onqkuvkmqmrllsbjo.nwgnuftsltisqxpkx.dflerfbyfoogwrsnkj.zdi.mtbpx zwcrspiw exbat vxivdngeyfylsmjwafwjdpebovh clshwxrecpvphzmuevlqrahberrojbvswtcbzvqyefgxhgmurfvihjcfcujbxg.ewrenm nwnx.n kjtrdamewki.ewahnoatvgqwwx.jrousogamfktawvtflxadkr
gen: 10 fit: -255 chromo: tsqvai.tknzjnrutepdmuq.c fjqqedqbthdmizcywdsbhswbktsjzotemrzltitmd snoqntf sewa.lor lisskrishxz ikdcooojbakp. omajxjhzixaytkpswy.trgonftptbvbwdwpva.ncttvcen zymxzfjrbpmhnafobwkgfcpsjiudkjng.iyzcxsrmjfjsot lcwtyecgzfumynehihfqdgc oxhtevnoriglhw.oyywgobbuvefoq.uwacnxnf hnthbl.eomrjrazvtfuzlufp pnke
gen: 11 fit: -253 chromo: tsqhji.tknzbnrw.vt huatcrsjqqedqgthwifzdqwhsohswbtxsjzotlordlzitmr saoqnhf sewr.cornlisskrisbng igdhchohhykpogumljtjxfi.entdpswy nwsotwdftkvbwcyjvaqngttlcendjymxda ebpyhnag..wkrfcpsgildsjog.iyzcxrrmjfvsonvlcwtyecggh mgrouthjamgn jxhtewnpriylsnaltyfsk..uwefiq.uwaunxnf vntwxc.romrmwzzotfqzlsfa qnkv
gen: 12 fit: -251 chromo: tlq.ai.fknpjnribewhoud.c gkqqeyqh.hdiezcywhsohswbkzsjzovemfvdtjtmh snoqnsf sewa.xon lysskdispxz ikdzooojbafptjrmajxjvz d.ytkhcgyvtreo.fhptbvbcdwnlannctmlcsi wyxxzajrpcmhnblohcktfulhgiocwung iyzxxnbmjmvsot lcwtyecgzqgmyneqihlqngy lxhteenornglbq.on excobunefkq.bwacm.nf uqtwbs.romrgrazjinarlqfj itk
gen: 13 fit: -251 chromo: ttmnqsrscihmm etegbnvoapysl kepqzxwdiaq ptanlhcn.ozspsotlor . xmmr vknbatllszwornvg zgcvldrbqxabzdssd pntakyokxksigjuzdq.xtdpzeffswbptutebktyce nydnnmtfl lidjhfxp.jebpyh flrbyxvumpesyfnkevdqvafxnrt xbf wjv gztyejxzhgmgpf. vbxzerjswn.elkppk efkxvy exk.bcmewhitjtshnxxtnoqwhb..re sfwzwky.mwvtaixafrr
gen: 14 fit: -247 chromo: coq qsrtvnzknrotzqplua.g sjsqeyqbdzriezctwhub gzbthq zoclje itlwsg sqoqerf szw..vornjktslriqhcr mkwkooojbwfu..z amx.cz yaytxpsoyu.psokfgmtkvinnmnoaynihmlleirqomxdjpebcmhnagrvwkfecphyxotkjnrqhamcwsxovffeuti dftyecxanumannmihfqmgrisxiteenpniglskaotywguohufefsi.ubacnxnfnhnthbqjrelsfrbwukfuzltfsb.dkv.
gen: 15 fit: -244 chromo: tsmetc.tcuhnngotvx augtp sl keyqgxywmnqdoghlp lnbtisjzatlor m.ammj vccqqty bbndfcoajhf vllcskxabzkscxowwbykyggf lngj.fiinxtdpswyfnwapkuyf htbnj nka nitflksxdao mprjebpmh ggs.wktfmp uifcnjury azxzrrujbfswj lssrybcojhwmxreuzvjxmgn txhteeelboa wqpey egk.dtwdihitutltmxnfnoqthb.iromrfgz.wqfazuofho.nrr
gen: 16 fit: -244 chromo: tsmptc.tcuhnnfgtvx augtp sl keyqgxywmnqdochrp lnbtisjzatlor ..mmml vccqqty bbndfcoajhf vllssxxabzksoxowwbykyggz lngjvfiinxtdpswyfnwapkuyf htbng nwannitflksqdao mprjebpmh ggscwk.fmp uifcnjury azxzrrujbfswj lssrybcomhwmxreuqvjxmgn txhteeelboa nqjey egk.dtwdihitutktmxnfnoqthb.iromrfgz.wqfazugfdo.nrr
gen: 17 fit: -238 chromo: toqftc.tcunnnqrmvxpaugtgbsjeqeyqgxzuinqdzxhtphlnbtis zatkov l.gmsk scgqaty szwducwrnjf slrcsyxr zksftoowbyfuggz lnxjuziinytdeswyunwsozuyf khbni nlannitmlcshdaocmprjebcmr agsbwkkfmp pxfkkoujy azxwrrov.f ujtlsgrybcoahumxpexyvfqmgu txhteeepnog bkuey egi.btwdiui.utacmxnfnnqthb..relsfwzzkqfqzlkfrontkr
gen: 18 fit: -237 chromo: comzqc.skksznrotvu auoapyslskeyqbeydmnzdnzaplhcnbtispkotljr .zitns vdnyaty szwezv rjzfssltiyhyaozdssoowntacpwkxrsjetuwdu.xtdcseyftwspkudfbdarnb nyddnljfr snruhmmnujqdcmhnfgrbyxzfmp siynnjngqvaf zrtmjb  ojr gstqbcoahwmxpo.shbqzgn twhaelnpvo  vw.oybexkb.cfewxi.ttacnxefnhqthbq.royrfezwfkduzvufrbafkek
gen: 19 fit: -236 chromo: ttmetc.qkuyjn otexsnha.gbsjqkepqujywinzdmghuo cnbtzspzatlor k.imsu scnqnhp szjahvorjhgaslrzbyxaoigskxnwwbafyogr sjgtuziiaytxeyeyftrgowfze.kven. nyarnltrl sidwoxmdrnvbpmh ggsuyx emumsyonkendqyamcwsxmxbveotmlggqybcwghgmxpe.qvjxmgg jwkteeepgog skoeyyexz.bkfeqhitubacnxnfnhnthb..remsfrbzkqdazstflxqtrv
gen: 20 fit: -233 chromo: ttkgtcrwknzjnyotvqsana.pbsjqqepqzxudinqdmwauohclbozsp otlor k.immoavknqatf szjodnorjhtavlrzbcxaozgsbxowwxafyogf sjettzkvaytxctwy.mraozfde.kten. nyaonptflcsfdwoxnnrnrbpmh hg.kfxefmprqyonnendqyaf wrt xbveottwggrybcxnhsmurf.rhjxmgz jxeteeepek  syeey ex .bkfeqhi.utstnzntnhjwha..ronsfrbzkq.azsta .xtrr.
gen: 21 fit: -227 chromo: tsmmtc.qknzmn o.ex ana.pbsljkepfuxywinzdmwheo clrtgspzotlor ..immh sknqntf.szjojnorjhqsvllzd xaoikssfnwwxafyog majet.ziw.xtxdswy.grgo.uzebktbn. nyalnltfl sldwhhmnrbrbpmh hj.ayxveupjqbonnengq amcmrt jfveotslggqybcxagsmure.yvbxmro oxyree pekg syjey exz.bcfeqhi.jtscnxnfnhjthbq.romsfrbzkqdazvtah..tyv
gen: 22 fit: -227 chromo: tsmbts.qknzmnycteqsaaa.pbsjqkepqzexdinqdowhuohclbozs  otlor k.immvisknqntf szjwynorjhgaslrzbbxaozgspxowwx fyogz sjejuzkiaytxciey.qrgokwke ktenbgnyawnxtflcsidwoxnnrnrbpyh hg..fxkfupjqyonnendq afddswmxbveotswggrybpxnhgmgre.ehjxmrb kxdteeepek lsywey ex .bkpdqhitutstnznfnhjthaq.romsfqbzkqdazstgn.gtrv
gen: 23 fit: -227 chromo: ttzmtc.sknpnnpo.zx rqa.cbsiskeyfgefwiqzdvwhul ll tis zoclor k.immy vynqqty sznj.n rjznssll q xaoicsoxowwbakywgomsjxtuz gattxyswyfnraozuymbhaen. nyaynltfl sndoo epr rbpyh ag.uyxteupeqbonnmnrqtamgertbjfveotslgsqqbrokgsmxre.yvbxmgu oc.rep lrkg syxlt exzpbufdihytjtlcnxnfnhltwbqjromsowbwiqtazvtaubwdrv
gen: 24 fit: -227 chromo: tomfbcrqknznlyq.ez fp .pbslyqeyhbeydinq kkauo ll tisxsorgor izitmi skcqaty szwdfvvanhbssltibyxauzgkgxowebafyo hrljgtuw jaytxbkeyflwsokuhe dtrnb nyawnltrr sirwo mprjrbpmh fgruykrfapvqyotkend yyf zst xbveut wssrybrpjhsmxro.ohjxzgu owh.ejjproa skde.yesk..uneqhiputqcnxntmhjtwxq.romsfrbwkqffoctfuxjtrrt
gen: 25 fit: -225 chromo: tokobcrqknpnl.y.exsauatpbslyqeyhue.dinqdywaeo ln tisxzargor i.imse.vccqaty sznx.vvrnhf sltiqjxaozgnntowwbyfyo xrsjttuz jattxkqwifcwso utf haenl nxamnltfr sdraomnprrrbpmh aoruykje.p syotkenjqyyf xqt vbreutsdgntqbppnhwmxrewfvjxzgu qxd.eejlroa skmezywsk.btndqhipuyscnonfnhnwhb..rousfrbwkqfmzcxfe..trrr
gen: 26 fit: -223 chromo: ttmuts.qknznlyotehsapftcbsjqqeyfbxydinqdrwaeohll tispcorlor izitme vknqaty szwdmevrnhfsslrjbbvabzgsbxowwbbfyp crsjgsuw jaytxbdeyfowaoduqe.darn.gnyaunltrrcspdwommnrjrbpyhnao.ufklfmptqyotkend yaz zqt vbveut  sstqbrpchgmxrftoxjxmg  txhweeelrob skse. exk.hundiyipuzscnonfnhjtwaq.romsfvbzkifvocthihhtrr.
gen: 27 fit: -218 chromo: tok.tc.sknz nyotvt cva.p sjqqeyfueywinqdqwaeohclbtvspsotlor ..iomexscnqqtp szjphvorjhfavlrzdtxapigsvxnwwxafpo urajetuz i.ytxuswq.drsoknxe karn. nyaenlifl sndwh mhrnrbpmh ag.ayxcfmpesiptnendqvafcwrtmxbvext  hgrrbrxnhwmxpehcvjdzre lxh.eeepgk  wn.e. ex .akleqhipjtacnxjtnhjthb.irolzfrzzkq.azspf ..err.
gen: 28 fit: -218 chromo: tokttc.sknzhnyotvt cva.p sjqqeyfueywinqdhwaeohclbtpspsotlor ..icmhvscnqqtp szjvavorjhfavlrzdxxanigsucnwwxafpo rrajetuz i.ytxlswq.qrsoknke karn. nyabnaifl sndwh mhrnrbpmh ag.ayxffmpesiptnendqvafcwrtmxbvext  hgrrbrxnhwmxpe mvjdzrt sxh.eeepgk  wn.e. ex .akseqhipjtacnxjtnhjthb.irolzfrzzkq.azsufg..err.
gen: 29 fit: -216 chromo: tomtbcrqcnpjlya.et anatc slqqeyhueydinq hwauo ll tisx.otgor i.i.mw scnqaty sznalvoanhf sltisxxaozclxxowwbyfyo arsjetuz inutdckwifzwsolumf harnl nxahnltfr sgdwomnprjrbpmh ao.ayknewp qyotkendqvav xqt jbvextsasstqbppnhwmxrgfbvjhzgu gxd.es lro  skfezyesk..tpeqhi.uoscnontnojthb..rouzfrbwkqfvzsxfz.mtrr
gen: 30 fit: -215 chromo: tokybc.mcnznnyo.vt apatcbslyqeyhuxydinq mwheohclbtisx otlor i.qlmw vknqatf szngtvornhf slriqbxaozcrsxowwbyfyo srsjetuz jactdhuwifvwsoyuffbharnl nxacnltrlcsmdbomnprnrbhmh ao. faxemp syotkendqvaf zqt jbvextsnsstybpxnhwmxrgvwvjwzgu txd.el lro  wkjez wxk.aueeivi.jtscnojfnogtht..rousfwbwkqfazsxfv..tqr
gen: 31 fit: -211 chromo: tokntc.gvnznnyhtvt fxatcyslrqeyqueyuinq.ewauohcn tispsotlor i.gemhvscnqqte sxwdbvvrnhfssltzdmxaoig mxowwxafyo z ajetuw i.ytdwgwifgwsokuee karnb nxahnltrj sirph mdr vbpmh agtayxvfmpssyptkendbvaz wvtmibvext  sstrbppshwmxre.ivjdzrb pxhceejhgka snfez es .hcneqhipjtacnxmtnhjthbqirolzfrbwkq.hzsmfm..err.
gen: 32 fit: -211 chromo: tomhtc.hrnxrnymtet apa.cysiyqeyqueydmnqjcwhuohcj disp otlor  ziemz vknqqtp szjdwnor hessltzqzyawzgstvowwrafuo e ajgt.z oaytxz.wy.mwtowuwf darn. nyaynltrk sirdo mnrjzrpmh fgrafxofepesyotnengqvafddstovbvexj  sgtqbronhsmxre.xvjwzgk owh.eenlroa okxe. ehk..tieihi.utacnonfnknthbq.ronsfxbwkidozutfuh.tzr
gen: 33 fit: -211 chromo: tokgtc.qvnzjly .vt fxatc slrqeyqueydinj.ewaeohc. tisxsotgor i.iemjjscnqate sxn gvvanhftslrzdoxamigrnxowwxyfyo yrsjetuw i.ptdfswifgwsozuxf karnl nxacnltrl sjrqo nprjrbpmh ag.ayxyfmp qyptkendbvaz wvtmjbvext  sstrbpxnhwmwrgcrvjdegf kxdveenlgk  snqez es .hunmqhipjtacnxmtnhjthb.iqolzfrrwkqfpzsufc.btrr
gen: 34 fit: -208 chromo: tokkbc.cknpbnyo.vt cvarpyslyqeyqueydinqjswaeo lnbtisx otggr i.iemy sknqate szjwgavrnhf sltzslxa gcjshowwbafyo zrsjgsuz j.ytxhteybrwsodune karnl nxannltrl sarooxmpjjrbpmh ag.aflzemp sicnuendqvyec.qtovbvext  sgtqbrpshsmxretghjxzrk oxp.eejleo  skoez exz.atfeihipjtacmontnhnwhjt ronsfxzzkqfazutfs. tyr.
gen: 35 fit: -207 chromo: sokutc.qknzhnyo.vt cpatcbsjqqeyuueyuinqmmyaeohinbtisp otgor izutsy sknqate szjwqvvrnhf sltidfxaozgsshowwrafyogz ajgtuz haethcjeifjwtokuie darml nyainltrl sadqommpdizbpmh eo.hfxwfmp syotnendq afdzqtoibfeuts sgtqbpxnhwmxre.hvjwzgu owdmeenlro  oy.e. exk.akleihiputacnontnhnthbqtromsfvbwkqfazutfr..tyv
gen: 36 fit: -206 chromo: tomyts.qknzbnyo.vr fnatp slyqeyqueyuinq.qshuohln tisp otlor i.iem.hsknyqtp sxnrgxvrnhfssltjsbxabiggsxowwryfyo  rsjetuw j.dtdisey.vwtowupf daen  nxagnltrl sadyoxmnrnrbpmh ag.afxieepesiptnendbvafdwzt ibvext  sgtrbppnhwmtretjhjwzgz dwdbeejlrk ls ee. exk.atumqhj.utacfwnfnhnthb..ronsfvbzkqfgzstfe..tyr.
gen: 37 fit: -204 chromo: sokuts.qrnzunyo.vt cnatp siyyeyyuxydmnqycwheohlj tisx oxgkr  .itmy vcnqat  sznwhvvrnhf sltdskxabigsxxpwwryfyp hrajeduz j.ytdmcwifewtokuaf karn. nxahnltyl sdrdoxmnrjrbpmh ag.ayldfmpesiotuendq afc.rtovbvexts sgtqbrxbhsmxre.tvjdzgu owhteejleo loynel eti.atfeihi.utacfontnhjwhb.abonsfxbzkqfuzutfzh.syz.
gen: 38 fit: -203 chromo: sokkts.qrvz.nyo.vt cnatp siyyeyyuxydmnqkewheohlj tisx oxgkr  .itmy vcnqat  sznwevvrnhf sltxs.xanigsexpwwryfyp crajeduz j.ytdm wifnwtoiuhf karn. nxatnltyl svraoxmprjrbpmh eg.ayl.fmpesio.uendq afc.rtovbvexts sgtqbrxlhsmxre.bvjdzgw owhpeejleo loylel eti.atfeihi.utacfontnhjwhb.abonsfxbzkqfuzutfih.syz.
gen: 39 fit: -199 chromo: tomhta.qknprnyo.vt cnatcyslqqeyuueyuinq.mwheohin tisp otlor iziesz sknqatp sznwhxvrnhfssltjdjxaolgssxowwrafyo z ajetuz j.ytdjyey.hwtokuyf darn  nyavnltrl sadkommprizbpmh ao.kbilemp syotnendq aedwqt jbvexts sstrbppnhwmxretkfiwzrz owdmeejlro psy.e. exk.akaeqhj.utacnontnhntht..rolsfvbzkqfazutfs..tyv.
gen: 40 fit: -199 chromo: tolfts.qknztnyo.vt cpatcbslqqeyuufywinqgmwaeohinbtispwotlor i.qvmp sinyate szniwxvryhe slsiquxaozcsshowwryfyo ersjetuw j.tth.ywifawtoyqge darmb nyarnltel saduohmdrijbpmh ag.ayxwfmp syotnendqvaf zqtoibveuts swtrapxnhsmxra.rvlwmgu lxqmeenlro lwy.ez exk..theihiputacnwjtnhnthbqtrolsfrywkqfuzsxfn..tyv
gen: 41 fit: -199 chromo: toklts.qknz.nyotvtscpatg siyqeyquexhinq vwheo l.btispootlor  .iwmy sinynte sznwwgva he sltisvxaozhnsxgwwryfyogtrajeduw gaythzewifawtokucf karm. jhatnltrl sarsoomdrmzbhmh.ag.afx.empgsiotkendq afc.rtmibfeut  sgtybrxnh mvre.fvjwmgf zwhieejlmoa oyze. eti..tfeihipwtacnojfnhnthbqtromsfvbzkqfuzsxf...tyv.
gen: 42 fit: -197 chromo: tokots.qknz.nyotvtscpatg siyqeyquefhinq rwheo l.btispiotlor  .iwmy sinynte sznwqsva he sltislxaozhbsxgwwryfyoggrajeduw yaythnmwifnwtokucf karm. jeaxnltrl sardoomdrmzbhmh.ag.afxmempgsiotkendq afc.rtmibfeut  sgtybrxnh mvre.zvjwmgs vwhceejlmoa oyae. eti..tfeihipwtacnojfnhnthbqtromsfvbzkqfuzsxfu..tyv.
gen: 43 fit: -196 chromo: tonita.qknzfnyo vt cnatcyslqqeyuueyuinq.owheo il tisq ktlgr izrtmy sknqate sznwvxvbnhe sltjcvxaozdssxowwrafyo zrajetoz yaytd yey.vwtouucf darm. nyavnltrl sadaommprnzbpmh ag.cbfynmp syotkendq aedzrtoibvexts sstqbppnhwmwre.tvjwzrz oxp.eejhro psyve. ehk.btfeqhi.jtacnonfnonthtq.rolsfvbwkqfazc fu..tyr.
gen: 44 fit: -195 chromo: toevts.qknzjnyo.et cnatp slyqeyqueytiaq.mhheo il tisxwxtlgr izmtsz sknqnt  szjdsxvrnhf sltidexaozgsphowwrbfyo zrajesuz y.ytdiueyfmwsokuof darm  nxaunltrl sidhommprjzbpmh aotqferempxsiotnendq aedzrtmibzext  sgtrbponhxmxrf.ovjdzru owdmeejhro  oyge. ehk.btfeqhiputacfomfnonthtq.rousfvbwkqdurcxfm..tyr.
gen: 45 fit: -195 chromo: tokpts.qknz.nyo rt apatcysjyqeyyueytinq.mwheo ln tisp ftlor izitmy sknqate szjwgvvrnhf sltidxxaozgs.xowwrbf okzrajeduw y.ytdruwj.fwtokuyf karm. nxaonptfl sarcommornzjpmh ag.dbtnfmpesyotuendq afdzrt jbveuts sstqbrgnhsmxre.ofiwzru owhmeejhro psyqg. etk.btveqhi.uxacno fnonthtq.rousfxywkqfuzstfh..tyr.
gen: 46 fit: -191 chromo: tokstc.cknzxnzo e  cpatcysjqqeyqueyqinq.mwheohij tisp otlor  zttmi sinqatp sznwwsvrnhe sltjs.xaozcssxowwxbfyo xrajetuz iadthqlsyfywtoku.f karmb nyainltrl sadnohmnrizbnmh agrwfxlemp syotuendqvafd.rtmvbveuts.sgrqbppnhsmxre.avjdmgu oxdmeejlroapwy.e. exi.btfeihi.utacnwgfnhnthb.trousfryzlq.uzutfrh.tyv.
gen: 47 fit: -190 chromo: tokitc.cknzpnzo eq cpatcysjqqeyqueyqinq.mwheohij tisp otlor  zutmy sinqatp sznwwevrnhe sltjsfxaozcssxowwxbfyo crajetuz iapthdosyfvwtokuif karmb nyaenltrl sadnohmnrizbnmh agrmfxmemp syotuendqvafd.rtmvbveuts.sgrqbppnhsmxre.dvjdmgu oxdmeejlroapwy.e. exi.btfeihi.utacnwsfnhnthb.trousfryzlq.uzutfgh.tyv.
gen: 48 fit: -190 chromo: tokmtc.cknzdnzo ea cpatcysjqqeyqueyqinq.mwheohij tisp otlor  zatmg sinqatp sznww vrnhe sltjsyxaozcssxowwxbfyo .rajetuz iahthhlsyfmwtokugf karmb nya nltrl sadvohmnrizbnmh agr fxbemp syotuendqvafd.rtmvbveuts.sgrqbppnhsmxre.yvjdmgu oxdmeejlroapwy.e. exi.btfeihi.utacnwqfnhnthb.trousfryzlq.uzutffh.tyv.
gen: 49 fit: -190 chromo: tonfts.cknyqnzosex apatcysjqqeyuueyuinq.mwheo l. tisp otlgr ..vtmt sinqatp sznwopvrnhe sltjdfhaozdssxowcxbfyo hrajetuz.i.vtheosiftwtokqpf karmb nyamnltrl sideommprjzbnmh agrxbxwemp siotnendqvafc.rtovbveuts.ssrqbppnhsmxre.xvjdmgu xxdmeejlmo pwyhe. etk.btfeihi.utacfobfnojthb.trousfrbwlq.uzstfnh.tyv.
gen: 50 fit: -190 chromo: tonxts.cknynnzoses apatcysjqqeyuueyuinq.mwheo l. tisp otlgr ..ftmm sinqatp sznwo vrnhe sltjdbhaozdssxowbxbfyo grajetuz.i.othgwsifowtoqqhf karmb nyalnutrl sidnommprjzbnmh agrvbxhemp siotnendqvafc.rtovbveuts.sfrqbppnhsmxre.ovjdmgu ixdmeejlmo pwype. etk.btfeihi.utacfohfnojthb.trousfrbwlq.uzstfkh.tyv.
gen: 51 fit: -188 chromo: tokjts.qknz.nzo.pt cpatcysjyyeyqueyqina.mwheohll tispwotlor  .xtmb vinqnte szjdqvvrnhe sltjdyxarigysxowwryf o hrajetuw iadtdmueifgwtoiuue karma jyaanltrl sadfommprijbnmf ag.bfxgnmp siotnendq afh.rtovbveut  sgtybpznhsmxrepbvjdmge uwdmeejkro  gyxe. ehi.atheihi.utacnomfnhntdtqtrouserbwkq.ursxfvh.tyv.
gen: 52 fit: -187 chromo: tokatt.uknymnyo ttssnatgbsj qeyqueyqinq.mwhfohal tisp otlor izikmt sininty sznwwryrkhe sltjdqyaozcsshowwryfyo grajetuw darthhreifjwtokvcf  arm.knxasnlttl sadoommprjjbneh ag.sfxaemp siotuenduvaed.rtoibvexts sgrrbponhwmxrekcxjdmgu owhmeejlro  oy.g. exi.ztzeihi.utacnwgfnhnthtqtrousfryrkuduzuxff..tyv.
gen: 53 fit: -187 chromo: tonjtc.cknzmnzo vs cpatcysjyqeyufequinq.mwheohil tisp otlor i.ytmn sinqat  sznwefvrnhe slsisnxaozdsfxowwryf o erajetuz iadthduwyfqwtokunf karmj nyavnltrl sadaommorijbnmh aerxfqjemp syotkendqvaed.rtoibdexts sgtqbppnhumxre.avjdmgu vxdmeenlroapsy.e. exi.btfeihi.jtacnwbtnhnthtqtrousfvbzkq uz wfgh.tyv.
gen: 54 fit: -185 chromo: ton.tszqknznnyo et cpatcysjqqeyqueyqinq.mwheohil tisp otlgr iz eme s nqate sznw.zvrdhe sltismxaozdssxowwxyf o lrajetuz i.ythcytytnwtokuwf  arm. nxa nlttl sadxohmprirbhmh ao.abxanmp syonuendq aecwqtoidveuts sgtqbtpngsmxre.nvjwrgu gxd.eejlro  wyle. exl.btfeqhi.utacnonfnonthtqt.ousfrywlrduzcsft..tyvp
gen: 55 fit: -185 chromo: tonnts.cknz.nyo ve cpatdysjyqeyquequinq.mwheohij tisp otlor i.dtmc vininte szndwvvrnhe slsjsnxaoigsshowwryf m krajetuw  althmuwifnwtomuye.karmj nyabnltrl sadyohmnrprbnmf ae.ybxiemp siotnendq afdzrtoibveqts sstybpfnh mwre.ivndmgu pwhmeenlro  oyqe. exi.atqeihipjtacnomtnonthb.ttouserbwcq uzstfqh.tyv.
gen: 56 fit: -183 chromo: tonits.cknz.nyo vo cpatdysjyqeyquequinq.mwheohij tisp otlor i.dtmd vininte szndwvvrnhe slsjsnxaoigsshowwryf m grajetuw fadthmuwifzwtofude.karmj nyaanltrl sadhohmnrprbnmf ae.rbxhemp siotnendq afdzrtoibveqts sstybpunh mwre.yvndmgu xwhmeenlro  oyve. exi.atheihipjtacnoutnonthb.ttouserbwcq uzstfch.tyv.
gen: 57 fit: -183 chromo: tonyts.cknz.nyo vk cpatdysjyqeyquequinq.mwheohij tisp otlor i.ktmk vininte szndwvvrnhe slsjsnxaoigsshowwryf m wrajetuw qawthmuwiffwtouuse.karmj nyaunltrl saduohmnrprbnmf ae.gbxmemp siotnendq afdzrtoibveqts sstybpsnh mwre.wvndmgu lwhmeenlro  oyle. exi.atpeihipjtacnoztnonthb.ttouserbwcq uzstflh.tyv.
gen: 58 fit: -183 chromo: tonwtc.ckny.nzo vu cpatcysjqqeyuuequinq.mwheohil tispwotlor it.tmf sinqnte sznwaiornhe sltisoxaoigssxowwxqf o crajetuz raltfdueyfmwtokeyf karmj nyaxn.trl smdwohmorizbnmf ae.ubkoeipgsimtnendqvaec.rtoibieuts sstubrlnhumwre.efndzau wxd.eejjroa wy.e..exk.atfeihi.utacno fnonthb.trousfvbzka.uysdflh.tyu.
gen: 59 fit: -183 chromo: tonqts.cknz.nyo vr cpatdysjyqeyquequinq.mwheohij tisp otlor i.qtmu vininte szndwvvrnhe slsjsnxaoigsshowwryf m orajetuw waxthmuwif wtolube.karmj nyabnltrl sad.ohmnrprbnmf ae.ibxhemp siotnendq afdzrtoibveqts sstybpinh mwre.mvndmgu qwhmeenlro  oywe. exi.atkeihipjtacnoatnonthb.ttouserbwcq uzstfdh.tyv.
gen: 60 fit: -182 chromo: ton ts.cknecnyo y. cpatcysjuqeyqueyuinq.nwheohal tisp odlgr i.itmm cinqate sznww vrhhe slsjstxaozgsshowwryf o vrajetuz i.othxuwyfdwtokume karmj nyqunltzl sadoommprijbnmh agrtbxfnmp sionuendqvaec.rtoidvexts sgtqbpanfsmxre..vjdzhu oxdmeenlro pwyce. exi.atfeihiputacfonfnolthrqt.ousfvywlqdursqfzh.xyv.
gen: 61 fit: -182 chromo: tonftg.cinyjnyo vt cpqtdyszuqeyuueyqinq.mwhfohil tishsotlor izitmi sknqnte szjwwxorche sltishxaozdsshowwryf o jrajetux iaythhuezfswtokuie karmj nyagn.trl smdaohmorijalmn aerpbx.nmp simtkendqvaec.rtovbvexts sstybrkngumwre.lvndzgu oxdieeilro pwy.e. exi.atfeihj.utacnojtngjthb.ttousvrbwkadurslflh.tyr.
gen: 62 fit: -182 chromo: tongts.qinzbnyo vt cnatdyszuqeyuueyqinq.mwhfohij tispsotlgr izitmr sinqnt  szfww orthe sltidzxaozasshowwryf o hrajetuz laothuuezftwtokr f karmj nyakn.tfl sadpohmorizblmh aergfx.nmp simtkendq aeh.rtoibveuts sssybr.nhumwre.xvjdzrz lxdmeejlro psy.e. exi.atfeihj.jtacnojtngjthtyttousvrbwladuyqdbvh.tyr.
gen: 63 fit: -181 chromo: tonbts.qinzfnyo vt cnatdyszuqeyuueyqinq.mwhfohij tispsotlgr izitmy sinqnt  szfwwhorqhe sltidzxaozasshowwryf o lrajetuz da thruezfjwtokvyf karmj nyaln.tfl sadnohmorizblmh aerzfx.nmp simtkendq aeh.rtoibveuts sssybr.nhumwre. vjdzrp oxdmeejlro psy.e. exi.atfeihj.jtacnojtngjthtyttousvrbwladuyqzbrh.tyr.
gen: 64 fit: -181 chromo: tokv.s.c nzanzo vm cpatcysjyqeyqumquifq.nwheohil tisbwotler i.itmz sinqnte sznwxekrohe slsjs xaoidssxowwryf o lrajetux iaytv.ueih.wtocupf darmj iyqjnltbl sadmohmprpvbnmh ag.vbx.eep siotuendq aed.rtoidyeets sstrbpfnh mtre.ovjdmgu oxdmeenlro  oyje.yexi.btfeihi.utacfoktnoltpblt.ousfvywcqdursvfch tyv.
gen: 65 fit: -176 chromo: tokots.c nznnyo i. cnatcysjyyeyqweyqinq.mwhekhij tispwodkor izdtmx sinqnte szfwwgorahe sltidzxaozgssxowwxjf o orajetuw la.thfuezfrwtokhif.darmj nhaunltel sadiommkrijblmn aebhbxinmp siotkendq aec.rtovbveuts sgrqbppnh mxre.rvjdzhu axlmeen rg pwy.a. exi.at eihi utacnowtnhjtht.ttousnvywlqdurqofzh.t r.
gen: 66 fit: -176 chromo: tokwts.c nznnyo sv cnatcysjyyeyqqeyqinq.mwhekhij tispwodkor izatmw sinqnte szfwwvorche sltidzxaozgssxowwxjf o irajetuw yalthwuezfqwtokn.f.darmj nha nltel sadxommkrijblmn aebhbxpnmp siotkendq aec.rtovbveuts sgrqbppnh mxte.zvjdzhu cxlmeen rg pwyfa. exi.at eihixutacnovtnhjtht.ttousnvywlqdurqyfzh.t r.
gen: 67 fit: -176 chromo: tokcts.u nyjnzo vq cpatcysjyyeyqaeyuifq.nwhekhij tisn otlgr i.atmg vinqnte sznwwdorzhe slsidgxaoidssxowwxjf o trajetux navtdkuezhrwtokuvf.karmj nxagnltzl sodwommprpjblmh aebabxmeip sionuendqvaed.rtovdvexts sgsqbpnnh mtre.jvjdmrk oxlmeen ro ppy.f. exi.atfeihiiutacnoihnoltpb.t.ousfvrwlqdurssfph.t v.
gen: 68 fit: -176 chromo: tokk.s.c nzznzo vq cnatcysjyyeyqueyuinq.nwfeohll tislwotker iygtmw.sinqnte sznwxqorihe slwmdkxaozgssxowwrjf o trajetux iahthfeeihnwtokrrfmdarmj nyaunltrl skdeommprpvbnmn afbybxxemp simtkendq aeh.rtovdvexts ssrqbpknh mwte.avndzru vwdmeeijro  wyge. exi.btveihi.utacno tnoltpf.ttousfvywdadurs fih tyu.
gen: 69 fit: -176 chromo: tonwts.u nyunzo vp cpetcysjyyeyqueyuifq.mwhe hij tisn otlor iyttmk sinqnte szfwwporphe sltidnxaozdssxowwxqf o frajetux iaythniezfywtokuvf.karmj nyaunltzl sodwonmprpjblmn aerubxweip siotuendqvaed.rtovdvexts sssqbpxnh mtre.mvndmgx oxl.eenlro pwy.f. exi.dtfeihizjtacno hnolthb.t.ousfrbwdqdurssfoh.t v.
gen: 70 fit: -175 chromo: tonqts.c nznnyp vw cpatcysjyyeyqueyuinq.mwhefhlj tisn otlor izstmg sinqnte szfwwkorjhe sltidnxaozgssxowwxqf o yrajetux iaythcbezfowtokihf.darmj nyaunltep smdnonmprkjblmn aebwbkbeip.siotuendqvaec.rtovdvewts sgrabppnh mtre..vndmgu oxdmeenlro  wy.f. exi.dtfeihiujtacno hnhptht.t.ousnvbwdqdurqcfzh.tiv.
gen: 71 fit: -175 chromo: ton ts.c nznnyp vp cpatcysjyyeyqueyuinq.mwhe.hlj tisn otlor izatmt sinqnte szfwwyor.he sltidnxaozgssxowwxqf o irajetux iaythpfezfhwtoklpf.darmj nyaunltep smdzonmprxjblmn aeb bkxeip.siotuendqvaec.rtovdvewts sgrabppnh mtre.ivndmgu oxdmeenlro  wy.f. exi.dtfeihiwjtacnoyhnhptht.t.ousnvbwdqdurqlfzh.tmv.
gen: 72 fit: -175 chromo: tonnts.c nynnzo vu cpetcysjyyeyqueyuinq.mwhedhlj tisn otlor iyjtmc sinqnte szfwwoor he sltidnxagzdssxowwxqf o nrajetux iaythg ezfrwtok bf.karmj nyaunltel sodlonmprpjblmn aebmbkfeip.siotuendqvaed.rtovdvexts sssabponh mtre.nvndmg  oxdmeenlro pwy.f. exi.dtfeihizjtacnomhnopthb.t.ousfvbwdqdurssfyh.t v.
gen: 73 fit: -175 chromo: tokuts.d nyhnzo vv cpatcysjyyeyqueyuifq.mwxeohij tisn otloryi.itm  sinqnte szfwwmorphe  ltidkvakigsshowwxjf o crajetuw vamtdxuezfhwtocuvf karmj nhaxn.tzl sodmommlruzblmh aebfbxinip.siotuundqvaed.rtovdvexts sgryrpdnh mxre.uvjdmri oxlmeen ro poy.f. exi.qtfeihiwutacfoyhnhlthb.t.ousfvywlqduruhvzh.t xl
gen: 74 fit: -175 chromo: tonats.c nynnzo vg cpetcysjyqeyquenuicq.mwhekhlj tisn otlor iyltmj vinqmte szfwwnorxhe sltidixagzdssxowwxqf o krajetux iavtdzueifhwtoru f.darmj nhaonltbl sodqonmprpjblmn aebybx.eip siotuendqvaed.qtovdvexts sssabp nh mtre.ivjdmaw oxdmeen ro pwy.e. exi.dtfeihibetacno hnojthb.t.ousfvbwdqdurssfnh.t v.
gen: 75 fit: -174 chromo: tonhts.u nzlnyo v  cpatgysjyyeyqmequinq.mwhekhij tisn otlor izktmt vinqnte szfwxsorihe sltidnva igssxowwxqf o qrajetuw iaythnqezh.wtohevf darmj nhaunltbp sadoonmprujblmn aebwbk.eip.siotuendqvaec.rtovdvewtc sgsabpwnh mxre.nvndmrz oxlmeen ro  wy.e. exi.atfeihitjtacnouhnopth..t.ousfvywlqdurqifzh.t v.
gen: 76 fit: -174 chromo: tokgts.u nrynzo vr cnatcysjyyemqueyuinq.mwheohil tiswwotler i.ntml sinqnte szfwxaorihe slsidzyaozgsshowwrjf o lrazetux baythvqeihrwtorulffkarmb nhaunltbl sidwommprpjblmn aeblbxcemp siotuendq aed.rtovdvextt sgsqbponh mwre.evndzru oxdmeenlvo. oywe. ehi.atoeihiputacnoctnojtpb.ttousfvywladurs.fvh tyu.
gen: 77 fit: -174 chromo: tokvts.c nzjnzo wb cpatgysjyyeyqueyqifq.mwheohkj tisp odlor izytmm sinqnte szfwwlorehe sltidjxaazgsswowwxyf osqrajetux nanthluezfwwtokuvf darmj nyaanltzl sodwonnprprblmh ae.ebxdnipssiotuendq aed.rtoqdvexts sstqbponh mtre.vfndmbu cxlmeen ro  wy f. ehi.atfeihi.utacnochnonthf.tlousfvbwlqdursgfzh.tyv.
gen: 78 fit: -174 chromo: tokats.u nzanyo ur cpatkysjyqeyquequinq.mwhekhij tisn otlor izytmo vinqnte szfwxuobche sltidnvajigssxowwxqf o frajetuw iaythaqezhtwtocdpf darmj nhaunktbp sodconmprijblmn aebabxjeip sionvendqxaec.rtovdvertc sgsabpxnh mxre.ovndmrw exlmeen ro  xy.f. exi.atfeihiputacfonhnopthb.t.ousfvywlrdurssvzh.t v.
gen: 79 fit: -173 chromo: tokats.c nz nzo da cnatcysjyyeyqeeqqimq.mwhekhkj tisn otlor izntmy sinqnte szfww orhhe sltidetabigsshowwxjf oshrajexux .atthheeznhwtokuvf darmj nhaenltzl sodwonnprpjblmh ae.pbxcmipssionuendqvaed.rtopdvexts sgtqbr nh mtre.dfndmbuyoxlmeen ro pwy f. ehi.atfeihyzutacnoqhnolthb.t.ousnvbwlqduruzfzh.tyv.
gen: 80 fit: -173 chromo: tokpts.c nypmzo hy cpatcysjyyeyqueyuifq.mwhekhkj tisn otlor izytmr vinqmte szfwwoobzhe sltjdtxavzdssxowwxjf o orajetux kaythhuezhgwtokuvf.darmj nyahnltbl sad oxnprpzblmn afbtbxleip siotuendq aed.rtowdvexts sssqbpvnh mxre.lfndmbu oxdmaef ro  wy f. ehi.atfeihifvtacnoohmkjthb.tlousfvbwlqdursafzh.tyv.
gen: 81 fit: -173 chromo: tokzts.c nz nzo se cpatcysjyyeyqieqqimq.mwhekhkj tisn otlor izntmk sinqnte szfwwworxhe sltidetawigsshowwxjf osmrajexux kanthheeznewtokuvf darmj nhaanltzl todwonnprpjblmh ae.pbxnmipssionuendqvaed.rtoqdvexts sgtqbrxnh mtre. fndmbuyoxlmeen to pwy f. ehi.atfeihyzutacno hnolthb.t.ousnvbwlqduruifzh.tyv.
gen: 82 fit: -171 chromo: tokyts.u nydmzo cm opatcysjyyeyqueyuifq.mwhekhkl tisn otlkr izbtmj sinqmte szfgxyobkhe sltjdntalids xowwxjf osrrajetjx eayth eeifnwtokuvf karmj nhalnltbl sad ohnprurblmn aebpbxgeip siotuendqvaed.rtoydvert  sssqboynh mxre.avndmbu oxlmeen ro  wy.f. exi.atfeihiyjtacno.hnklthb.dlousfrbwdqdururfzh.t v.
gen: 83 fit: -171 chromo: tokrts.c nylnzo vl cnatcysjyyeyqueqtjfq.mwhekhkl tisn otlor izatmj sinsnte szfwxuor.he sltidaxaoids howwryf o  rajetux aastuwqezfzwtoguvf darmj nhaonltzl sodwonnprpvblmn aebpbx.eip siotuendu aed.rtovdvexts sgtqbpcnh mwre.qxndmgu oxdmeen ro poy f. ehi.atfeihi.jtacnolhnocthb.t.ousfvbwladurssfjh.t v.
gen: 84 fit: -171 chromo: tokjtslu nyqnzo ll cpat.ysjyyeyqueyuifq.mwhekhij tisn otlor izjtma sinqnte szfwwdorphe sltidnxajigssxowwxqf o mraletux iaythpqejnpwtokuvf.darmj nxaunltzp sidwonmlrpjblmn aebibxjeip siotuendqxaed.rtovdvexts sssqbpynh mtre.dvndmbu vxlmeen ro pwy.fs exi.atfeihjsutacnonhnknthf.t.ousnrywdqdurusvnh.tkv.
gen: 85 fit: -170 chromo: tokjtslc nyonzo fm cnatkysjyyeyqueytifq.mwhekhkl tisn otlor izgtm. sinsnte szfwwzor he sltidotaoids howwryf o arajetux gawtufeeifkwtocuvf darmj nhadnlt.l sodwonnprpjblmn aebpbxieip sionuenduxaed.rtobdvexts sssqbpbnh mtre.txndmbuyoxlmeen ro pxy f. ehi.asfeihygutacnoqhnolthb.t.ousnvbwladurusfzh.t v.
gen: 86 fit: -169 chromo: tokdcs.c nyonro nm chatcysjyyeyqueyqinq.mwhekhkj tisn otlor izytmb sinqnte szfwxsorhhe sltndsxauzdsjwowwxjf o prajetux iahthieezbowtokivfk armj nhasnltbl sodwohnprprblmh aetabxleipssionuendqvaed.rtovdvextc sstqbpdnh mwre.svndmru oxlmeen ro swy f. ehi.atfeihizutacnokhnknthb.tlousfvbwlqdursar.h.t v.
gen: 87 fit: -167 chromo: toktcs.c nyonro gc chatcysjyyeyqueyqinq.mwhekhkj tisn otlor izvtml sinqnte szfwxworrhe sltnd xaezdslwowwxjf o irajetux ia thqeezb wtokyvfk armj nhannltbl sodwohnprprblmh aetpbxpeipssionuendqvaed.rtovdvextc sstqbpmnh mwre.ovndmru oxlmeen ro swy f. ehi.atfeihizutacno.hnknthb.tlousfvbwlqdursxr.h.t v.
gen: 88 fit: -167 chromo: tokccs.c nyonro fi chatcysjyyeyqueyqinq.mwhekhkj tisn otlor izptmt sinqnte szfwxzorzhe sltndixaszdshwowwxjf o arajetux iapthieezbmwtokhvfk armj nhafnltbl sodwohnprprblmh aetjbxneipssionuendqvaed.rtovdvextc sstqbpbnh mwre.ovndmru oxlmeen ro swy f. ehi.atfeihizutacnofhnknthb.tlousfvbwlqdursgr.h.t v.
gen: 89 fit: -167 chromo: tokocs.c nyonro .s chatcysjyyeyqueyqinq.mwhekhkj tisn otlor izvtmo sinqnte szfux orihe sltndixahzlsxwowwxjf o arajetux iawth eezbjwtokivfk armj nhaknltbl sodwohnprprblmh aetebxjeipssionuendqvaed.rtovdvextc sstqbpbnh mwre.rvndmru oxpmeen ro swy f. ehi.atfeihizutacnoghnknthb.tlousfvbwlqdursvr.h.t v.
gen: 90 fit: -167 chromo: tpklts u nygnzo rp chatlqsjyyeyqueytkvq.mwhekhkj tisn otlor iyotme sinqnte szfwweobjhe sltjdxtavzds xowswyf o oraletux iaythruujjlwtoduvf karmj nhaunltzp sod ohmprpjblmn aebtbxgjip siotuendqxaed.rtondvexts sssqbpinh mxre.hvndmbu oxlmeen ro  wy f. ehi.atfeihysuxacnokhnhnthn.tlousfrbhladurt vzh.t v.
gen: 91 fit: -167 chromo: tokgtslc nyznro qd chatcysjyyeyqueytifq.mwhekhkj tisn oclor izftme sinqmte szfgwtorkhe sltnd.xapzdssxowwxjf oswrajetuxsiatthkeezfkwtokuvf. brmj nhalnltblysodwohnprprblmn aehnbxreipysiotuendqxbeb.qxopdvextc sstqbpcnh mwre.vvndmbu oxlmeen ro swy f. ehi.atfeihizutacnouhnknthb tlousnvbwlbdurs v.htt v.
gen: 92 fit: -166 chromo: tokqcs.c nyonro mg chatcysjyyeyqueyqinq.mwhekhkj tisn otlor izttme sinqnte szfuxgormhe sltndlxalzlsfwowwxjf o irajetux iakthueezb wtokuvfk armj nhabnltbl sodwohnprprblmh aetbbxyeipssionuendqvaed.rtovdvextc sstqbpsnh mwre.yvndmru oxlmeen to swy f. ehi.atfeihizvtacnoehnknthb.tlousfvbwlqdurscr.h.t v.
gen: 93 fit: -166 chromo: tokocs u nzmnzo pg chatcysjyyeyqueytinq.mwhekhkj tisn otlor izftmb sinqnte szfuxborrhe sltnddxagzgsowowuxjf ossraletux iaftureezfowtokfvbk armj nhatnltbp sodwohnprojblmn aet dxkeipssionuendqxaed.rtovdvextc sssqbpmnh mwre.fvndmbu oxlmeem ro sxy f. ehi.atfeihizutacnowhnklthn.tlousnvbwlqdursqr.h.t v.
gen: 94 fit: -165 chromo: tokmcs.c nyonzo iq chatcysjyyeyqueyqinq.mwhekhlj tisn otlor izotma sinsnte szfuwsorghe sltnduta zdswwowsxyf o hraletux oabthseezjywtokuvfd armj nhaqnptbp sodwonnprprblmh aebibxleipssionuendqxaeb.rtoftvextt sstqbpdnh mwre.cvndmbu oxlmeen to swy f. ehi.atfeifizvtacnofhnknthf.tlousnrbwladursih.h.t v.
gen: 95 fit: -165 chromo: tokycs.c nyonzo lh chatcysjyyeyqueyqinq.mwhekhlj tisn otlor izptmt sinsnte szfuweorvhe sltnd taezdsbwowsxyf o lraletux dahthneezjxwtokuvfd armj nhaqnptbp sodwonnprprblmh aeb bxqeipssionuendqxaeb.rtomtvextt sstqbpvnh mwre.qvndmbu oxlmeen to swy f. ehi.atfeifizvtacnochnknthf.tlousnrbwladurswh.h.t v.
gen: 96 fit: -164 chromo: tokvcs.c nyonzo qr chatkysjyyeoqueyqinq.mwhekhij tisn otlor izdtmd sinsnte szfwwvormhe sltndqxamzlsswowwxyf o orajetux iaytuteezbgwtokuva  armi ngaunldzl sod ohnprpjblmh aetdbxgeipssiotuendqvaed.rtovdvexts sssqapinh mtre.ovndmbu gxkmeen rokswy f. ehi.atfeihi utacnojhnklthb tlousnvbwladurssr.h.t v.
gen: 97 fit: -164 chromo: tokuts.c nzonto xi cpetkysjyyeyqueytynq.mwhekhlj tisn otlez izftmo sinqmte szfwx.orfhe sltndiwahzlsxwowsxyf o wraletux iaztpbeezjowtokwvb. armj nharnltbp sod ohmprpjblmn aetobxljipssionuendqxaed.rtovdjext. sstqbpqnh mxre.kvjdmbu oxlmeen bo swy fs ehi.atfeihizutacnodhnolthn.t.ousfvbwladursbf.hjt v.
gen: 98 fit: -162 chromo: tokncs c nyxnzo uz chatcysjyyeyqueyqinq.mwhekhkj tisn otler izftmn sinqmte szfuwdorwhe sltndzwayzdsdwowwxjf osaraletux iaotupeezfowtokyvbk armj ngalnptbp sodwohnprorblmn aetwbxaeipssiotuendqxaed.rtomdvewtc sssqbptnh mwre.yvnddbu.oxlmeen to sxy f. ehi.atfeifizutacno hnknthnttlousnvbwladursif.h.t v.
gen: 99 fit: -162 chromo: tokkcs.c nyonto fs chatkqsjqyeyqueytinq.mwhekhij tisn otlor izdtmm sinqmte szfuweorqhe sltidfwar.lshxowsxjf o nraletux iamthseujbfwtouwvfk armj nhahnltbl sddwonnlrpjblmn aebsbxtjipssionuendqxaed.vtovdvexts ss qbpknh mxre.zvndmbu oxomeen to swy f. ehi.atfeihiuutacno hnknthb.tloussvbwladursmr.h.t q.
gen: 100 fit: -160 chromo: tokgcs.u n onto gy chatkqsbyyeyqueyqinq.mwhekhij tisn otlor izotme sinqmte szfuxnorahe sltidnwao.lscxowsxjf o xrale.ux uautubeeznqwtokrvfk armj nwavnltbl sudwonmprpjblmn aethbxkjipssionuendqxaed.rtoddvextc ss qapdnh mxre.fvndmbu oxlmeen to swy f. ehi.atheihiautacmomhnklthn.tlousnvbwladurszr.h.t h.
gen: 101 fit: -158 chromo: tokxts.u n onto lw chatkysbyyeyqueyqinq.mwhekhij tisn o.lor izctmg sinqmte szfuxqorthe sltndlwao.lsbwowsxyf o nraje.ux gaatuneeznowtoktvfk armj nwafnltrl stdwonmprprblmn aetubx jipssionqendqxaed.rtostvextc sstqap.nh mxre.mvndmbu oxlmfen to swy f. ehi.atheihirutacmoohnklthn tlousfvbwladursyrzh.t a.
gen: 102 fit: -158 chromo: tok.cs.c nyjnto uw chatcysiyyeyqveytinq.mwhekhij tisj otler izjtmn sinqmte szfuwrdrshe slsndswamzdshwowsxjf osxraletux ieetujeejfowtokuvfk armj ngaunltrl sodwonmprprblmn aettbxleipssiomqendqxaed.rtofdvextc sstqbptnh mwre.kvndmbu.oaleeen to swy f. ehi.atheihizvtacmorhnknthb tlousfvbwladurs f.h.t v.
gen: 103 fit: -158 chromo: tokmcs.c n hnto uv chctlysjyyeyqueytinq.owhekhij tisn otlor iyetmz sinsrte szfuxgorzhe slxndnwaczdsupowsxyf osgraletux iaytubegzjwwtokevf  armj fhaunltzp sidwonnprlrblmp aetdbxbeipssiknuendqxaed.rtoqlvextc sssqbpynh mxre.xvndmbu oulmeen to swy f. ehm.atfeihiautbcnkwhnklthb t.ousfvbwlacurskqzh.sov.
gen: 104 fit: -158 chromo: tokicc.c nyonto ao khatcysjqyeyqueyqinq.mwhekhij tisn otler izytmq sinqmte szfww.ornhe sltndawadzlspwowsxzf o wraletuy xa tugeuzfpwtokevfk armj nwawnltbl sod onnprorblmn aetwbxteipssionqendqxaec.rtofdvextc sstqbpunh mwre.cundmbu gxomeen to swy f  edi.ctheihijutacmokhnklthntt.ousnvbwladursyf.h.t v.
gen: 105 fit: -158 chromo: tokncc.c nysnto qk khatcysjqyeyqueyqinq.mwhekhij tisn otler izqtms sinqmte szfwwkorjhe sltndtwa zlskwowsxzf o jraletua saqtugeuzfawtokgvfk armj nwasnltbl sod onnprorblmn aetebxjeipssionqendqxaec.rtofdvextc sstqbpynh mwre.cundmbu gxomeen to swy f  edi.ctheihieutacmothnklthntt.ousnvbwladurszf.h.t v.
gen: 106 fit: -157 chromo: tokxcsqu nyonto gy chatkysjy eyqueetinq.mwhekhkj tisn otler izftmo sinqcte szfww.orphe sltnduwafzdsfwowsxjf o granetux iaytueeujjawtokkvfk armj ngavnltbp sgd onpprojblmn aetabxteipssionuendqxaeb.rtoddjextw sssqbpynh mwre.vundzbq oxlmeen to  wy f. ehi.atheihiwutacnochnhnthntt.ousnrbwjadurs v.h.t v.
gen: 107 fit: -157 chromo: tokkcsrc nyonto nu chatkysjyyeyque tinq.mwhekhkj tisn otler izutml sinqmte szfwrjorzhe sltndywaszdswwowsxyf o zranetuz iaytueeuzfowtokqvfk armj ngannltbp sod onpprojblmn aetkbxoeipssionvendqxaed.rtofdlextw sssqbponh mwre.qundzbu oxlmeen ro  wy f. edi.atheihihutacmojhnklthntt.ousnrawladurs f.h.t v.
gen: 108 fit: -157 chromo: tokscs.c nyonto s. khatcysbqyeyqveytinq.mwhekhkn tisn osler izltmi sinqmte szfwwoorqhe slsndjwapjdstwowsxyf o .raletux zaytupeazjowtokevfk armj ngabnltbp sod onnprorblmn aetbbxkeipssionuendqxaed.rtovdvextc sssrbppnh mwre.nundzbu gxlmeej to sxy f. ehi.atheihivutacmoihnklthnttlousnvawladurs.f.h.t v.
gen: 109 fit: -157 chromo: tolics.c n pnto  g chatkysjqyenquekqinq.mwhekhjj tisn otler izntme qinqrte szfuwpor he sltndowafjdsuwowsxyf o erbletux ia tubeuzbfwtokmvfk armj ngaunptzl sudwonnprprblmn aethbxxeipssionqendqxaed.ztoldvewtc sssqbpenh mxre.vvndzbr oxomeen to swy f  ehm.atheihiuutacnotpnhnthn tlousfvbwkadursdf.h.s v.
gen: 110 fit: -157 chromo: tokbcc.c nyknto xy khatcysjqyeyqueyqinq.owhekhij tisn otler izmtmg sinymtm szfww.orjhe sltndlwaezlsrwowsxyf o iraletux uabtuqeezfowtokevfk armj ngaonltbl sod onnprorblmg aetubxxeipssionqendqxaed.rtofdvextc sstqbpsnh mwre.qundmbu oxlmeen to swy f. edi.ctheihitutacnophnklthnttlousnvbwladurs.j.h.t v.
gen: 111 fit: -157 chromo: tokzcc.c nylnto ou khatcysjyyeyrueytinq.awhekhij tisn otler izwtme sinstse szfwwvorche slsndawawzlsmwowsqyf o  raletux rautugeuzjowtokvvfk armj ngaunltbl sod onnprorblmh aet.bxojip sionqendqwaed.rtobdvexts sssqbphnh mwre.kvndzbu oxomeen to sgy f. ehi.itheihizvtacnorhnklthn t.ousnrbwkadursqf.h.t v.
gen: 112 fit: -156 chromo: tokrc .c n tnto no chatkysjyyebqueytinq.mwheohkj tish otler iz tme sinqete szfwwforshe slxnddwagzdt.wowsxyf o nraletux partueeuzfowtoklrak armj ngaunltbp sod onmprorblmn aetzbxfaipssionuendqxaed.rtofdvewtw sssqapwnh mxre..vndjbq gxlmfen to  wy f. ebi.atheifigutacnoohnknthn t.ousfrbwlacursdf.h.r v.
gen: 113 fit: -156 chromo: tokecs.c nzonto rp chatcysjyyeyqueytinq.mwhe hij tisl otler izrtme sinsete szfwwhmrphe slxndewaozdswwowsxjf o mranetux iaytumeayjdwtokevak armn ngaunltbl sod ofmprojblmn agtoaxueipssionqendqwaed.rtovdvextg sstqbpsnh mwre. undmbq oxomeen to sxy f. edi.atheihiautbcmohhnkl.hn t.ousfvbwlabursvh.h.t v.
gen: 114 fit: -156 chromo: toklc .c n cnto fe khatcysjyyeoquebqinq.owhekhkj tisn otler izmtme sinydte szfwwhorche slsndiwaczl cwowsxyf o qraletux  attuteezfowtokivfk armj pgaun.tbp sod onmprorblmg aetebxzeipssionqendqwaed.rtovdyextw sstqaptnh mxre. vndmbu mxlmeen to sgy f. ehi.atheihioutacnospnklthn t ousnrbwladursrv.f.t v.
gen: 115 fit: -156 chromo: toktccxc n nnto wh chatcysjyyeyqueytinq.mwhekhkm tisn osler irhtme sinqete szfwwsoruhe sltnddwaezlsjwogsxyf o jradetux iagtuleejbowtokqvak armj ngaznltzp sod ommprojblmn agtnbxneipcsionuendqxaec.rtoidvewtc sssqbpmnf mwre.yundmbu gxomeen to sxy fs ehy.athfihizutacmovhnklthjttlousnvbwlacursss.h.t v.
gen: 116 fit: -154 chromo: tokwcsic nyonto mo khatcysjyyeyqueitinq.mwhe hkj tisn otler izitme sinqfte szfww.orehe sltndiwakzlstwowsxyf o vraletux waytumeeyjuwtjkavak armn ngaunltbp sod ofmprorblmn aet bxteipssionqendqxaed.rtovdvextw sstqbpanh mxre.mvndxbu oxlmeen to tgy f. ehi.atheihiyvtbcmo pnklthn t.ousyrbwladurszf.h.t v.
gen: 117 fit: -153 chromo: tokuc .c n anto mq khatcysjyyezqueuqinq.owhekhkj tisn otler izutme sinzyte szfwwyorfhe slsndiwadzl jwowsxyf o hraletux iajtukeezfowtokpvfk armj pgaun.tbp sod onmprorbleg aetgbxleipssionqendqwaed.rtovdoextw sstqapjnh mxre. vndmbu mxlmeen to sgy f. ehi.atheihibutacnokpnklthn t ousnrbwladurswv.f.t v.
gen: 118 fit: -153 chromo: tokqcs.c nylnto ht chatlysjyqeyqueytinq.mwhekhoj tisn osler izptme sinyzte szfwwlorxhe sltndjwagzl  wowsxyf o draletux iavtuueezfowto vvfk arnj pgamnltbp skd ojmprorblmg aetzbxweipssionuendqxaed.rtovdvextd sstqbpmnf mxre.uvndmbu mwlmeen to sxy f. ehi.atheihizvtacnoghnklthn tlousbrbwladursgf.f.t v.
gen: 119 fit: -153 chromo: toktcs.c nyunto w. chatlysjyqeyqueytinq.mwhekhoj tisn osler izatme sinydte szfwwaorzhe sltndmwazzl mwowsxyf o nraletux iaftuoeezfowto vvfk arnj pgamnltbp skd ojmprorblmg aetnbxmeipssionuendqxaed.rtovdvextd sstqbponf mxre.uvndmbu mwlmeen to sxy f. ehi.atheihizvtacnonhnklthn tlousxrbwladursif.f.t v.
gen: 120 fit: -152 chromo: tokuca.c n cnto np chatcysjyyeyquelyinq.owheohkj tisn otler izvtme sinymte szhwwforshe sltndfwazzlsmwowsxyf o qraletux haotueeuzffwtokerak armj pgaen.tbl sod onmprorblmn aetzbxmgipssionqendqwaed.ztofdyextw sstqapwnh mxre.mundmbq mwlmeep to swy f. edi.cthejhiputacmowhnklthn tlousnrbwladurshf.h.t v.
gen: 121 fit: -151 chromo: tolkca.c n onto nw chatcysjyyeyque tinq.mwheohij tisn otler izftme sinyqte szfwwworghe slxndoraezd xwowsxyf o nraletux raotumeuzfpwtokorek armj pgajn.tbl sgd ofmprorblmnzae.abxoeipssionqendqwaed.rtofd.ewtw sssqapqnh mxre.gundebq mglmeep to swy f. ehi.atheihidutacmorhnkkthn t.ousnvbwlacursuf.h.t v.
gen: 122 fit: -151 chromo: tokuc .c n onto rt khatcysjyyeyquegtinq.mwhfogkj tisn otler izntmd  inynte szfwt.orfhe slxndwwaazl uwowsxyf o araletux iaotuaeezflwtokevfk armj pgavnltro sod onmprorbleg aetzbxdeypssionqendqxaed.ytofdvextw sstqaplnh mxre.rundpbu oxloeep to swy f. edi.athejhi utacnokhnkdthntt ousnvbwladursof.h.t v.
gen: 123 fit: -151 chromo: tokxc .c ny.nto pc khatlysjyyeiquertinq.mwhekhkj tisnsotler izbtmh winymte szfwwyorvhe slsndt auzlsnsowsxyf o nraletux iaotuveeznbwto svqk armj pgaunltbp sgd ofmprorblfg aetbbxheipssionuendqwaed.ztofdvextw sstqapynh mxre.zvndmbu mwlseep to swy f. ehi.atheihauutacmofhnklthn t.ousnrbwladurssf.f.s v.
gen: 124 fit: -151 chromo: toltc .c n onto nl chatcysjyyeyque tinq.mwheohkj tisn mtler izdtme sinyste srfswvoruhe slxndd agzdsowowsxyf o nraletux aa tumeezjmwtoktvek armj pgadn.tbp sod ofmprorblen ae.ebxqeipssionqendqwamd.rtofddextw sssqapjnh mxre.bundbbu mblmeep to swy f. ehi.atheihicutacmolpnklthn t.ousnrbwlacursvf.h.t v.
gen: 125 fit: -150 chromo: tolvc .c nyrnto is khatcysjyyemquejtinq.ewhekhkj tisn otler izktme sinzmte szfww.orvhe sltndzwayzl fwowsxyf o wraletux qaytuyeezfzwtokorak armj mgain.tbl soc onmprorbleg ae.tbxlaipssiomuendqxafd.rtofdoextw sstqbponh mxre.pvndmbq mdlmeep to sxy f. edy.atheihmhutacmonhnklthn t.ousnvbwladursxv.f.tkv.
gen: 126 fit: -150 chromo: tolhc .c n cnto ut khatczsjyqeiqueytina.mwheohkj tisn otler izmtme sinzmte szfwwuorvhe sltndlwaqzl  wowsxqf o hraletux waytumeuzfxwtokgrak armj lgain.tbl sod onoprorbleg ae.rbx.aipssionuendqxaed.rtofdxewtw.sstqbp nh mwre.wvndmbq mdlmeep to sxy f. ehy.athejhizutacmouhnkkthn t ousnrdwladursgv.f.tkv.
gen: 127 fit: -150 chromo: tol c .c n ento ne chatcysjyyetque.tinq.mwheohmj tisnsotler izvtme sinymte sjfwwporshe slsndxuayzd cwowsxyf o nraletux daotuwegzfvwtokorek armj pgarn.tbp sgb ofmprorblen aetybxmeipssipnqendqwaed.ytofdqextw ss.qapbnh mxre.bundbbq milmeen to swy f. ehi.atheihinutacmobhnkkthn tlousnrbwladurscf.h.t f.
gen: 128 fit: -150 chromo: tol.c .c n ynto nx chatcysjyqehqueytinq.nwheohmj tisn otler izxtme sinymte sjfwwuor he sltndyuayzd nwowsxqf o iraletux aagtuoeuzfuwtoksrek armj igaen.tbl sgd ofmprorbleg aetzbxqeipssionvendqwaet.rtofdpextw ss.qbpbnh mgre.rvndmbq mwlmeep to swy f. ehi.atheihijutacmochnkkthn t ousnrdwladurs v.h.tkv.
gen: 129 fit: -149 chromo: toldc .c n pnto up chatcysjyqe queytinq.mwheohij tisn otler izstme sinyxte szfwwporvhe slxndhxanzlsqwowsxzf o nraletux uastumeuzfbwto hrak armj cgain.tbl sod onoprorblen aetibx.aipssionufndqwaec.rtofduextc sstqbplnh mxre.vvndkbq grlmeep to swy f. ehi.athejhiwutacmoihnklthn t.ousnrbwladurspvth.tkv.
gen: 130 fit: -149 chromo: tolfc .c n onto ap chatcysjyye questinq.mwheohij tishsotler izftme sinzqte szfwwkorvhe slsnd.zakzlsbwowsxzf o nraletux sartumeuznvwto gvqk armj bgaun.tbl sgd ofopzorblen aet.bxaaipssionufndqwaed.rtofdmextc sstqapwnh mxre.gvndpbq grlmeep to swy f. ehi.atheihawutacmojhnklthn t.ousnvbwladurslv.h.tkv.
gen: 131 fit: -148 chromo: tolfc .c n pnto en chatcysjyyepquemtinq.nwheohij tisnsotler izztme sinykte sjfwwyorqhe sltndnoayzl jwowsxzf o nraletux fantuweuznnwto hvek arml ngaun.tbl sgd ofoprorbleg aetlbxheipssionufndqwaet.rtofdmextw ss.qapunh mgre.mvndwbq m lmeep to swy f. ehi.atheihivutacmoghnklthn t ousnvbwladurskv.h.tkv.
gen: 132 fit: -148 chromo: tokjc .c n mnto np khataysjyye queytinq.msheohij tisn otler izptme sinzmte szfwwsorvhm slsndy aozl uwowsxyf o .raletux  aotuveqzffwtok rek armj pgatn.tbp sgd ofmproqblen aetjbxeaipssionvfndqwaed.rtofdkextc sstqbpqnh mxre..vndmbq grlmeep to swy e. ehi.atheihidutacmoqhnklthn t.ousnrdwladursnvth.tkv.
gen: 133 fit: -148 chromo: tolvc .c n unto vp chatcysjyqe queytinq.mwheohij tisn otler izrtme sinywte szfwwgorvhe slxndnxabzlspwowsxzf o nraletux ragtumeuzfxwto .rak armj lgain.tbl sod onoprorblen aetvbxyaipssionufndqwaec.rtofdaextc sstqbpqnh mxre..vnd.bq gjlmeep to swy f. ehi.athejhiuutacmolhnklthn t.ousnrbwladursxvth.tkv.
gen: 134 fit: -147 chromo: toljc .c n fnto  p khatcysjyqe queytinq.mwheohmj tisn otler izstme sinzbte szfwwrorvhe slxndwxaazl .wowswzf.o nraletux jastumeuzfswto zrak armj fgain.tbl sgd kfmprorblen aetsbxpaipssiofvendqwaec.rtofdwewts sstqbpmnh mxre.kvndlbq mklmeep to swy f. ebi.athejhihutacmoxhnklthn t.ousnrdwladursavth.tkv.
gen: 135 fit: -147 chromo: tol.c .c n rnto v. chatcysjyqenque tins.mwheohmj tisnsotler izytme sinykte sjfwwdorehe sltndvwayzl lwowsxyf o eraletux  aituwegzvqwtokerik armj pgain.tbl sgd ofmprorbleg aetfbxueipssionvendqwaed.rtoedvextw ss.qapjnh mgre.ivndmbq mqpmeep to swy e. ehi.atheihiqutacmonhnkkthn t.ousnrdwladurstv.h.tkv.
gen: 136 fit: -146 chromo: tolhc .c n ento xp chatcysjyqe queytinq.mwheohmj tisn otler izmtme sinzhte szfwwlorvhe slsndxxazzl fwowswqf o nraletuh hartumeuzfiwto yrqk armj mgain.tbl sod ofmprorblen aetobx.aipqsionvendqwcec.stofdjewts sstqbpanh mxre.qvnddbq gslmeep to swy f. ebi.athgjhiautacmowhnklthn t.ousnrdwladursbv.h.tkv.
gen: 137 fit: -146 chromo: tolic .c n wnto up chatcysjyqe queytinq.mwheohmj tisn otler izftme sinz.te szfwwlorvhe slsndbxadzl mwowswqf o nraletuh xqctumeuzftwto frqk armj igain.tbl sod ofmprorblen aethbxbaipqsionvendqwcec.stofd.ewts sstqbpenh mxre.fvndybq gdlmeep to swy f. ebi.athgjhiuutacmoahnklthn t.ousnrdwladursgv.h.tkv.
gen: 138 fit: -146 chromo: toluc .c n nnto sp shatcysjyqe.queytinq.mwheohmj tisn otler iz.tme sinzkte szfwwaorvhe slsnd xapzl mwowswyf o mraletux  aptumezzf.wto irqk armj mgain.tbl sgd ofoprorblen aerybvheip sionvendqvcac.stofdvewts sssqbpjnh mxre.vvndxbq gilmeep to swy f. ebi.atheihaqutacmophnkkthn t.ousnrdxladurstvth.tkv.
gen: 139 fit: -146 chromo: tolic .c m mnto yp chatcysjyqe queytinq.mwheohmj tisn otler izrtme sinzete szfwwgorvhe slsndhxayzl jwowswqf o nraletuh sqstuneuzffwto brqk armj rgain.tbl sod ofmprorblen aettbxpaipqsionvendqwcec.stofdhewts sstqbpanh mxre.jvndqbq gnlmeep to swy f. ebi.athcjhiyutacmowhnklthn t.ousnrdwladursxv.h.tkv.
gen: 140 fit: -145 chromo: tolac .c m snto kp chatcysjyqe queytinq.mwheohmj tisn otler izutme sinzete szfwwporvhe slsndhxagzl pwowswqf o nraletuh bqrtuneuzftwto grqk armj wgain.tbl sod ofmprorblen aetsbx.aipqsionvendqwcec.stofdkewts sstqbpunh mxre.rvndzbq gblmeep to swy f. ebi.athcjhimutacmoohnklthn t.ousnrdwladursnv.h.tkv.
gen: 141 fit: -145 chromo: tolkc .c n tnto bp chatcysjyqe queytinq.mwhemhmj tisn otler izvtmg sinzite sjfwwborvhe slsndsxaizl awowsxqf o vradetux  aetumeqzfdwto srqk armj shain.tbl sod ofmprorblef aetdbxxaipssiofuendqwced.rtofdgewtc sstqapmnh mxre.xvnd.bu mllmeep to swy f. ehy.btheihifutacmomhnklthn t.ousnrdwladurshvth.tkv.
gen: 142 fit: -145 chromo: tolrc .c n onto ip chatcysjyqe queytinq.mwhephmj tisn otler iz tie sinzbte sjfwwforvhe slsnc.xazzl twowswqf o aradetux .qutumeuzbpwto sbqk armj again.tbl sod ofmprorblen aetsbxfaipqsiofvendquced.rtofdeewtc ss.qapknh mxre.wrndmbq gmlmeep to swy f. ehy.athejhidutacmonhnkkthn t.ousnrduladurshv.h.tkv.
gen: 143 fit: -145 chromo: tok c  c n ento gp chatcysjzqe queytinr.mwheohmj tisn otler iz tie sinznte szfww.orvhe slxnduuafzl jwowsxqf o graletud  actuneuzefwto .rmk armj fgain.tbl sgd ofmprorblen aetsbxaaipssiofuendqwced.rtofdeextg ss.sapsnh mxre.fvndmbq mspmeep to swy f. ehy.athejhiiutacmozhnklthn t.ousnrdwladursbv.h.tkv.
gen: 144 fit: -145 chromo: tolbc .c n hnto np chatcysjyqe queytjnq.mwheohmj tisn otler izbtme sinzite szfwwdorvhe slsndbua.zl wkowswrf o nraletux wantumeuzftwto krqk armj mgain.tal sod ofmprorblen aetzbxnaipqsionvendqwcec.stofdgewts ss.qbplnh mxre.rvndpbq gmlmeep to swy f. ebi.cthejhicutacmo.hnklthn t.ousnrdwladursyv.h.tkv.
gen: 145 fit: -144 chromo: tolhc .c m knto cp chataysjyqe queytinq.mwheohmj tisn otler izotme sinzpte szfww.orvhe slsndoua zl .wowswqf o nradetud daptumeqzf wto nrqk armj vgain.tbl sod ofmprorblef aettbxmaipssiofuendqwcec.rtofdyewtc sstqapznh mxre.lvndlbu gdlmeep to swy f. ehy.athejhizutacmoghnklthp t.ousnrdwladursvvth.tkv.
gen: 146 fit: -144 chromo: tolkc .c n cnto mp chatcysjzqe queytinq.mwheohmj tisn otler izttme sinzute szfwwhorvhe slxndwxaczl twowswqf o nra.etud .actumeuzfowto jrqk armj fgain.tbl sod ofvprorblen aetobx aipqsionuendqwcec.rtofdbewtg ss.qbponh mxre.bvndpbq mmpmeep to s.y f. ehi.athejhiqutacmowhnklthpyt.ousnrdwladurstv.h.tkv.
gen: 147 fit: -144 chromo: tolcc .c n lnto hp chatdysjzae queytinr.nwhekdmj tisn otler izetie sinzcte szfwwnorvhe slxncdxavzl kwowsxqf o aradetud fqotuneuzepwto armk arij  gain.tbl sgd ofmprorblen aetwbxsaipssiofvendqwced.rtoellextc ss.qapnnh mxre.mvndmbq mzpmeep to swy f. ehy.athejhi utacmodhnklthn t.ousnrduladurskv.h.tkv.
gen: 148 fit: -144 chromo: tokcc  c n ento ep chatcysjzqe queytinr.mwheohmj tisn otler izqtie sinznte szfwwtorvhe slxndbuauzl zwowsxqf o jraletud waltuneuzevwto prmk armj pgain.tbl sgd ofmprorblen aetfbxzaipssiofuendqwced.rtofdpextg ss.saptnh mxre.zvndmbq mbpmeep to swy f. ehy.athejhiautacmozhjklthn t.ousnrdwladurspv.h.tkv.
gen: 149 fit: -144 chromo: tolwc .c n vpto vp chatclsjzqe queytinq.mwherhmj tisn otler izjtie sinzgte szfwwjorehe slsndyua zd ooowsxqf o fraletuh kqmtumeuzflwto frqk armj ggain.tbl sod ofmprorblen aetybxtaipssiofvendqwced.stofdtexts ss.qbpbnh mxre.zvndcbr mslmeep to swy f. ehi athejhinutacmodhnklthn t.ousnrdu.adursnvth.tkv.
gen: 150 fit: -143 chromo: toltc .c n tnto ip shatcysjyqe queytinq.mwheohmb tisn otler izstme sinzpte szfwwgorvhe slsncvxanzl  rowsxqn o nraletux paptuneuzfbwto orqk armi egain.tbl sod ofmprorblen aetcbxbaipssionvendrwaed.ttofdeewts ss.qbpenf mxre.xvndvbq gnpmeep to swy f. ebi.atheihikutacmophnkkthn t.ousnrdwladurssvth.tkv.
gen: 151 fit: -143 chromo: tolkc .c n rpto zz chatcysjzqe queytjnq.mwheohmj tisnsotler ijftme sinzote szfwwuorvhe slsndmuamzl qwowsmqf o nraletuh xajtuneuzbmwto trqk armj mgain.tbl sod ofmprorblen aetjbxxbipqsiofuendqwced.rtofdbewts sstqbpnnh mxre..vndubr m lmeep to swy f. ehi.athejhixutacmohhnklthn t.ousnrduladursgvth.tkv.
gen: 152 fit: -143 chromo: toknc  c n gnto .p chatcysjzqe queytinr.mwheohmj tisn otler izstie sinznte szfwwmorvhe slxndnuaezl wwowsxqf o nraletud aaptuneuzeqwto yrmk armj vgain.tbl sgd ofmprorblen aetkbxnaipssiofuendqwced.rtofdvextg ss.saptnh mxre.hvndmbq mcpmeep to swy f. ehy.athejhivutacmojhmklthn t.ousnrdwladurshv.h.tkv.
gen: 153 fit: -143 chromo: tok c  c n .nto ep chatcysjzqe queytinr.mwheohmj tisn otler izatie sinzwte szfwwkorvhe slxndbuayzl ywowsxqf o eraletud gaytuneuzehwto crmk armj cgain.tbl shd ofmprorblen aetvbxziipssiofuendqwced.rtofdoextg ss.sapfnh mxre.gvndmbq mfpmeep to swy f.kehy.athejhixutacmodhjklthn t.ousnrdwladurshv.h.tkv.
gen: 154 fit: -143 chromo: tokpc  c n pnto vp chatcysjzqe queytinr.mwheohmj tisn otler izltie sinzfte szfwwforvhe slxndeuauzl swowsxqf o mraletud naotuneuzedwto grmk armj ygain.tbl shd ofmprorblen aetnbxtiipssiofuendqwced.rtofdqextg ss.sapvnh mxre.bvndmbq mapmeep to swy f.kehy.athejhieutacmomhyklthn t.ousnrdwladurssv.h.tkv.
gen: 155 fit: -143 chromo: tolzc .c n gnto sp chatcysjzqe queytinq.mwhekhmj tisn otler iz.tme sinzete sjfwwqorvhe slxncmxawzl wwowswqf o hraletud daytuneuzebwto rrqk armj rgain.tbl sgd ofmprorblen aet.bxkaipqsiofvendqwaed.rtofdnewtc sshqapenh mxre.vvndmbq gfpmeep to swy f. ehy.athejhicutacmothmkkthn t.ousnrdwkalursmv.h.tkv.
gen: 156 fit: -143 chromo: tol c .c n.ento bp khatcysjyqe queytinq.mwhezhmj tisn otler izutme sinbqte sjfwwforvhe slsndwvaizldmwowsxqf o uraletud fa tuneuzewwto rrql armj vgain.tbl sgc ofmprorblen aedebxcaipqsiofvendqsaed.rtofdvewtc ss.sbpgnh mxre.ovndmbq gzpmeel to swy n. ehj.athejhi.utaceo hnklthn t.ousnrduladurs v.h.tkv.
gen: 157 fit: -143 chromo: tokmc .c n lvto bo chatcysjzqe queytimq.mwheohmj tisnkotler iz.tie sinzzta szfwuworvhe slsncnxaszl cwowswqf o urakeruh gq tuneuzf.wto pbqk armj kgain.tbl sed ofmprorblen aetsbxzaipssiobvendqwced.rtofdkexts ss.qapanh mxre.xvndbbu glpmeep to swy f. eby asheihi.utaceomhnklthn t.ousnrdwladurszvth.tkv.
gen: 158 fit: -143 chromo: tolec .c n.bnto rp khatcysiyqe queytinq.mwheqhmj tisn otler izdtme siny.te slfwwaorvhe slsndvvauzlhhwowsxqf o oraletud fautuneuzewwto urql armj kgain.tbl sgc ofmprorblen aedtbxkaipqsiofvendqsaed.rtofdaewtc ss.sbponh mxre.wvndmbq gkpmeel to swy n. ehj.athejhijutaceo hnklthn t.ousnrduladursav.h.tkv.
gen: 159 fit: -143 chromo: toloc .c n.gnto tp khatcysiyqe queytinq.mwhedhmj tisn otler izptme siniate slfwwvorvhe slsndpvamzlftwowsxqf o traletud qaztuneuzewwto orql armj  gain.tbl sgc ofmprorblen aedtbxfaipqsiofvendqsaed.rtofdxewtc ss.sbpwnh mxre.yvndmbq gzpmeel to swy n. ehj.athejhiiutaceo hnklthn t.ousnrduladursov.h.tkv.
gen: 160 fit: -143 chromo: tokoc .c n dnto zp khatcysjzqe queytinq.mwhaohejytisnkotjer izwtie sinzlte sjfwwyorvhe slsncfvavzl kvowsxqf o mraluruh radtumeuzfawto xbmk armj tgain.tbl sed ofmprorblen aedsbxnaiptsiobvendqqced.rtovdaextg ss.sipenh mxre.wvndmbu gvpmeep to swy f. ebj.athejhiqutaceo hnklthn t.ousfrduladurskvth.tkv.
gen: 161 fit: -142 chromo: tolpa .c n .nto ko khatcysizqe queytimq.mwhelhmj tisn otder izhtme sinzcte slfwueorvhe slsndyvafzlmdwowsxqf o irakeruf magtuneuzewwto tbqk armj egain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aedqbxtaipssiobvendqwaed.rtofd.exts ss.sbpdnh mxre.gvndcbu gbpneep to swy f. ebj.athejhirutaceo hnklthn t ousnrdw.adurttvth.tkv.
gen: 162 fit: -142 chromo: tokwc .c n nnto cp khatcysjyqe queytinq.mwherhmj tisn otler izvtie sinmste sjfwweorvhe slsndsvazzl jwowsxqf o nraketux yantuneuzbywto  bql armj pgain.tbl qec ofmprorblen aerkbxnaipqsiobvendywaed.rtofdmewtc sstsbhnnh mxre.yvndnbq gwpmeep to swy h. ebyzathejhizutaceo nnklthn t.ousnrduladurs.v.h.tkv.
gen: 163 fit: -142 chromo: tolvc lc n mntos p khatcysjzqe queytinq.mwhewhej tisn otler kzmtme sinzkta szfwwporvhe slsndoucrzl awowswqf o uradetux cqmtuneuzekwto prml armj bgain.tbl sed ofmprprblen aedvbxkbipqsionvendqsaedlrtofdneuto sstsapdnh mxre.gvndmbu gopoeep to swy n. egi.athejhieutaceo hnklthn t.ousnrdwlatursjv.h.tkv.
gen: 164 fit: -142 chromo: tolgc .c n woto zo khatcysj.qe queytimr.mwheohej tisn otler izmtie sinzpte szfwu.orvhe slsncaxamzl fwowsxqf o craletup cqotuneuzfzgto  bqk armj wgain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aer.bwlaipssiobvendqwced.rtofdvexts sstqapznh mxre.tvndxbu gepmeep to swy f. ebj.atheihiautaceowhnklthn t.ousmrdwlaturs vxh.tkv.
gen: 165 fit: -141 chromo: tol c .c n juto do khatcysj.qe queytimr.mwheohej tisn oxler izttie sinzlte sjfwu.otvhe slsndauamzl djowsxqf o praketud vqltuneuzfngto sbqk armj egain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aedbbwoaipssiobvendqwcec.rtofduexts ssuqbp.nh mxre.lvndqbu gupmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihi utaceowhn lthn t.ousnrdwlatursnvxh.tkv.
gen: 166 fit: -141 chromo: tol c .c n psto oo khatcysj.qe queytimr.mwheohej tisn oxler izqtie sinzite sjfwu.otvhe slsndouawzl hzowsxqf o praketud mqstuneuzflgto ybqk armj ugain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aedtbwoaipssiobvendqwcec.rtofdvexts ssqqbpmnh mxre.tvndtbu gxpmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihigutaceowhn lthn t.ousnrdwlatursevxh.tkv.
gen: 167 fit: -141 chromo: tolkc .c n .hto so khatcysj.qe queytimr.mwheohej tisn oxler izhtie sinzvte sjfwu.otvhe slsndduahzl ibowsxqf o xraketud sqatuneuzfdgto cbqk armj lgain.tbl sec ohmprorblen aedvbwoaipssiobvendqwcec.rtofdcexts ssgqbpynh mxre.wvndfbu gxpmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihivutaceowhn lthn t.ousnrdwlatursbvxh.skv.
gen: 168 fit: -141 chromo: tollc .c n uato go khatcysj.qe queytimr.mwheohej tisn oxler izftie sinzete sjfwu.otvhe slsndduavzl zgowsxqf o sraketud dqytuneuzfbgto pbqk armj jgain.tbl sec ohmprorblen aedkbwoaipssiobvendqwcec.rtofdaexts sslqbpbnh mxre.avndcbu g.pmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihifutaceowhn lthn t.ousnrdwlatursqvxh.skv.
gen: 169 fit: -141 chromo: toluc .c n qrto zn khatcysj.qe queytimq.mwheohej tisn otler izctme sinzkta sjfwu.orvhe slsncsxapzljkwowsxqf o abaletup zqgtuneuzfcgto bbql armj qgain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aedhbwlaipssiobvendqwcud.rtofdkexts ssdqbnrnh mxre.svndmbr mgpmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihkhutaceo hnclthn t.ousmrdwladursqv.h.tkv.
gen: 170 fit: -141 chromo: tolfc .c n.fnto uo khatcysjyqe queytinr.mwheohej tisn otler izstie sinucte sjfwwjotvhe slsndkuaxzl mwowsxqf o vraletud naztuneuzewwto srql armj tgain.tbl sec ofmprorblenkaedubwoaipqsiofvendysaec.rtofdzewtc sscsbphnh mxre.lvndmbq gzpmeel to swy f  ehj.atheihitutaceo hnklthn t.ousnrdwlatursmv.h.tkv.
gen: 171 fit: -141 chromo: tolba .c n.mnto mo khatcysjyqe queytimr.mwheohej tisn otler izitie sinzwte sjfwu.otvhe sltndmuabzlqmwowsxqf o traletud gqetuneuzfwgto .rql armj xgain.tbl seg ofmprorblen aednbwoaipqsiofvendqscec.rtofdmewtc ss.qbhknh mxre.qvndmbu gppmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihicutaceo hn lthn t.ousnrdwlatursxvxh.tkv.
gen: 172 fit: -140 chromo: tollc .c n suto gn khatcysj.qe queytinq.mwheohej tisn otler izdtme sinzztf szfww.orvhe slsndmuaozltfwowsxrf o jraletud gqjtuneuzfleto trqi armj ggain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aedpbx aiptsiofvendqscud.rtofduextc ss.sbprnh mwre.mvndmbq gapmeep to swy n. ehy.ashejhinutaceo hnklthn t.ousnrduladursevxh.tkv.
gen: 173 fit: -139 chromo: tolia .c n yuto zo khatcysjyqe queytimr.mwheohej tisn otler izhtie sinzpte sjfwu.orvhe slsncuuagzljcwowsxqf o nraketup jqttuneuzfbgto ebql armj .gain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aed bwoaipssiobvendqscec.rtofdcewtc sscqbninh mxre..vndmbu mdpmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihihutaceo hn lthn t.ousnrdwlaturs.vxh.tkv.
gen: 174 fit: -139 chromo: tolmc .c n.onto fo khatcysjyre queytinr.owheohej tisp otler izhtie  ingwte sjfwwgorvhe slsnduuafzl .wowsxqf o craletud xaftuneuzbmwto drql armj egain.tbl sec ofmprorblenkaedjbwoeipqsiofvendysaed.rtofdnewtp sqxsbplnh mxre..vndmbu gppieep to swy f  ehj.atheihimutaceo hnklthn t.ousnrdwlatursjv.h.tkv.
gen: 175 fit: -139 chromo: tolta .c n.qnto ho khatcysjyqe qufytimr.mwheohej tisn otler izqtie sinzcte sjfwu.otvhe sltndfuaszlswwowsxqf o jraletud .qotuneuzflgto prql armj bgain.tbl seg ofmprorblen aedwbwoaipqsiofvendqscec.rtofdpewtc ss.qbhqnh mxre.avndmbu gkpmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihiputaceo hn lthn t.ousnrdwlatursivxh.tkv.
gen: 176 fit: -139 chromo: toltc .c n.vyto ko khatcysjyqe queytinq.mwheuhej tisp otler izntie  inlfte sjfwweorvhe sltnd.uayzl gcowsxqf o  raletud vaftuneuzbwwto krql armj kgain.tbl sec ofmororblen aedrbwoeipqsiofvendqsaed.rtofdzewtc ssasbp nh mxre.gvndmru gqpieep to swy f  ehj.atheihivutaceo hnklthn t.ousnrdw.aturwbv.h.tkv.
gen: 177 fit: -139 chromo: tolwa .c n.into co khatcysjyqe queytimr.mwheohej tisn otler izctie sinzzte sjfwu.otvhe sltndruaezleawowsxqf o draletud zqjtuneuzfmgto drql armj wgain.tbl seg ofmprorblen aedmbwoaipqsiofvendqscec.rtofd.ewtc ss.qbhqnh mxre.jvndmbu ggpmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihinutaceo hn lthn t.ousnrdwlaturssvxh.tkv.
gen: 178 fit: -139 chromo: tolsa .c n.jnto ao khatcysjyqe queytimr.mwheohej tisn otler izytie sinzxte sjfwu.otvhe sltndyuagzlmfwowsxqf o jraletud nqjtuneuzfygto nrql armj egain.tbl seg ofmprorblen aedebwoaipqsiofvendqscec.rtofdmewtc ss.qbhonh mxre.rvndmbu gopmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihicutaceo hn lthn t.ousnrdwlaturssvxh.tkv.
gen: 179 fit: -139 chromo: tolha .c n dvto zo khatcysjyqe queytimr.mwheohej tisn otler izytie sinzwte sjfwu.orvhe slsnckuaozlwywowsxqf o craketup zqltuneuzfkgto  bql armj tgain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aedubwoaipssiobvendqscec.rtofdxewtc sskqbnlnh mxre.bvndmbu mzpmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihikutaceo hn lthn t.ousnrdwlatursrvxh.tkv.
gen: 180 fit: -139 chromo: toluc .c n lnto io khatcysjyqe queytimr.mwheohej tisn otler izntie sinzbte sjfwu.otvhe sltndhkaizk w.owsxuf o graketud hq tuneuzfvgto gbqk arml dgain.tbl sec ofiprorblen aedabwoaipssiobvendywcec.rtofdjexts ss.qbpnnf mxre.cvndgbu gfpmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihibutaceowhn lthn ttoucnrdwlasursrvxh.tkv.
gen: 181 fit: -139 chromo: tolwa .c m dsto .o khatcysjyqe qugytimq.mwheohej tisn otler izvtme sin.dte sjfwu.grvhe slsnceuadzl pwowsxqf o mraletud rqftuneuzfpgto mbql aqmj ogain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aedqbw aipqsiobvendqscec.rtofdiewtc sseqbprnh mxre. vndmbu ggpmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihiputaceo hn lthn t.ousnrdwlatursdvzh.tkv.
gen: 182 fit: -139 chromo: tolua .c n nwto zo khatcysjyqe queytimr.mwheohej tisn otler izhtie sinzlte sjfwu.orvhe slsncyuaxzlf.wowsxqf o traketup qq tuneuzfegto gbql armj xgain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aedpbwoaipssiobvendqscec.rtofdwewtc sswqbntnh mxre..vndmbv mcpmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihiqutaceo hn lthn t.ousnrdwlaturswvxh.tkv.
gen: 183 fit: -139 chromo: tolgc .c n qhto zo khatcysj.ae queytinr.mwheohej tisn oxler ijstie sinzlte szfwe.obvhe slsncauaizl swowsxqf o kraletuh lqctuneuzf wto bqqi armj zgain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aedsbwoeipqsiobvendyscec.rtofdaewtc  sfqbpznh mxre.avndmbq mlpmeep to swy h. ehj.atheihicutaceo pn lthf t.ousnrdwlaturscvxh.tkv.
gen: 184 fit: -138 chromo: tolca .c n heto zo lhatcysjyae queytimr.mwheohej tisn oxler ijltie sinz te sjfwe.orvhe slsncpua zl cwowsxqf o hraletud fq tuneuzfowto kqql armj kgain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aed bw eipqsiobvendyscec.rtofdyextc  s.qbpinh mxre.wvpdmbv mtpmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihitutaceo pn lthf t.ousnrdwlaturs vxh.tkv.
gen: 185 fit: -138 chromo: tolda .c n lgto ao khatcysjyqe queytimr.mwhephej tisn otler izmtie sinzete sjfweaotvhe sltnbdualzl jpowsxqf o zraketud pqttuneuffoetoknbql armj cgain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aedibwoeipqsiobvendqvcec.rtofd.ewtc sstqbnhnh mxre.yvndmbu mwpmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihicutaceo pn lthn t.ousnrdwlatursmnxh.tkv.
gen: 186 fit: -138 chromo: tolwc .c n jvto zo khatcysj.qe queytimr.mwheohej tisn.otler ijptie tinzote szfwe.otqge slsncsuakzl owowsxqf o hraketud gqktuneuzfmwto hqqi armj egain.tbl seg ofmprorblen aedvbwoaipqsiobvendyscec.rtofdrewtc ss tbhcnh mxre vvndmbq inpmeep to swy h. ehj.atheihihutaceo pn lthf t.ousnrdwlaturswvxh.tkv.
gen: 187 fit: -138 chromo: tolrc .c n .lto zo khatcysj.ae queytinr.mwheohej tisn oxler ijbtie sinzlte sjfwe.orvhe slsncxuaqzl  wowsxqf o traletud dqstuneuzfgwto jqqi armj tgain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aedvbw eipqsiobvendyscec.rtofdyextc  scqbplnh mxre.ovndmbq mhpmeep to swy h. ehj.atheihirutaceo pn lthf t.ousnrdwlaturs vxh.tkv.
gen: 188 fit: -138 chromo: toljc .c n zcto zo khatcysj.ae queytinr.mwheohej tisn oxler ijstie sinzmte sjfwe.orvhe slsncqua zl kwowsxqf o uraletud gqvtuneuzfiwto oqqi armj qgain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aedobw eipqsiobvendyscec.rtofdoextc  sqqbpgnh mxre.evndmbq mwpmeep to swy h. ehj.atheihimutaceo pn lthf t.ousnrdwlatursrvxh.tkv.
gen: 189 fit: -136 chromo: tolfa .c n ogto oo khatcysjyqe queytimr.mwhephej tisn otler izmtie sinzote sjfwepotvhe sltnbyuazzl izowsxqf o qraketud dqjtuneuofgetoknbql armj vgain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aedabwoeipqsiobvendqhcec.rtofdtewtc sstqbnrnh mxre.evndmbu mwpmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihivutaceo pn lthn t.ousnrdwlaturshmxh.tkv.
gen: 190 fit: -136 chromo: tolhc .c n tsto zo khatcysj.ae queytinr.mwheohej tisn oxler ijotie sinzfte sjfwe.orvhe slsncnuauzl wwowsxqf o sraletud vqmtuneuzfawto kqqi armj ygain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aedibw eipqsiobvendyscec.rtofdtextc  swqbpxnh mxre.zvndmbq mtpmeep to swy h. ehj.atheihitutaceo pn lthf t.ousnrdwlaturscvxh.tkv.
gen: 191 fit: -136 chromo: tolfa .c n wjto ko khatcysjyqe queytimr.mwhephej tisn otler iz.tie sinzute sjfwepotvhe sltnbmuapzl pvowswqf o vraketud jqytuneupfnetoinbql armj vgain.tbl sec ofmprorbken aedwbwoeipqsiobvendqxcec.rtofdpewtc sstqbnhnh mxre.zvndmbu mnpmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihioutaceo pn lthn t.ousnrdwlaturspoxh.tkv.
gen: 192 fit: -136 chromo: tolqc .c n  jto zo khatcysj.ae queytinr.mwheohej tisn oxler ijytie sinzfte sjfwe.orvhe slsncbuamzl twowsxqf o xraletud qqktuneuzfswto pqqi armj ngain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aedybw eipqsiobvendyscec.rtofdcextc  sdqbpgnh mxre.ivndmbq mepmeep to swy h. ehj.atheihihutaceo pn lthf t.ousnrdwlatursnvxh.tkv.
gen: 193 fit: -136 chromo: tolmc .c n rwto zo khatcysj.ae queytinr.mwheohej tisn oxler ijwtie sinzete sjfwe.orvhe slsnceuaazl qwowsxqf o rraletud vqmtuneuzfxwto cqqi armj jgain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aedubw eipqsiobvendyscec.rtofdkextc  stqbppnh mxre.vvndmbq mvpmeep to swy h. ehj.atheihibutaceo pn lthf t.ousnrdwlatursyvxh.tkv.
gen: 194 fit: -136 chromo: tollc .c n tmto vo.khatcysjyae queytimr.mwheohej tisn otler ijutie sinzcte sjfwe.orvhe sltncduafzlsgwowsxqf o fraletud vqvtuneuzfawto fqqj qrmj fgain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aed bw eipqsiofvendqscec.rtofdoextc ssrqbpfnh mxre.ivndmby mhpmeep to swy f. ehjoatheihmfutaceo pn lthn t.ousnrdwlaturseuxh.tkv.
gen: 195 fit: -136 chromo: tolcc .c n n to zk khatdysj.ae queytior.mwheohej tisn otler ijqtie sinzltewsjfwe.orvhe sltncpuawzl  wowsxqf o oraketup oqltuneuzfpwto xjql armj dgain.tbl sec ofoprorblen aedbbw aiprsiobqendyscec.rtofdrewtc sstqbprnh mxre.mvndmbu mopmeeo to swy f. ehn.atheihijudaceo hn lthn t.ousnrdwlatursgvxh.tkv.
gen: 196 fit: -136 chromo: toloc .c n jeto zk khatdysj.be queytior.mwheohej tisn oxler ijktie sinzqte sjfwe.orvhe sltnciuaizl  wowsxqf o uraketud iqvtuneuzfswto njqi armj ygain.tbl sec ofoprorblen aedlbw eiprsiobqendyscec.rtofdvewtc ssgqbpwnh mxre.mvndmbq mepmeeo to swy h. ehn.atheihitudaceo pn lthf t.ousnrdwlatursbvxh.tkv.
gen: 197 fit: -136 chromo: tolbc .c n ssto so khatcysjyae queytimr.mwheohej tisn oxler izotie sinzbte sifwu.orvhe slsncyxakzlpswowsxqf oygraketud hqqtuneuzfowto qbqi armj hgain.tbl sec ofmprorblep aedpbv eipssiobvendyscec.rtofddexts ssnqbppnh mxre.pvndmbu mdnmeep to swy f. efj.atheihyuutaceo hn lthf t.ousnrdwlaturswvxh.tkv.
gen: 198 fit: -136 chromo: tolpc .a n deto hp khatcysjyae queytimr.mwheohej tisn otler izjtie sinz tg sifwe.otvhe slsnccxapzlrg owsxqf oycraketud xqktuneuzfgwto ubqi armj hgain.tbl sec ofmprorblep afdpbwoeipqsiobvendyscec.rtofdiextc sswqbhznh mxre.hvnbmby mdpmeep to swy h. ehj.uthfihicutaceo hn lthf t.ousnrdwlaturtwvxh.tkv.
gen: 199 fit: -136 chromo: tolbc .c n xpto zo khatcysjyae queytior.mwheohej tisn.otler ijutie sinzlte sjfwe.orvhe sltnciuaqzl lwowsxqf o vraketud eqwtuneuzfswto mqqd ermj qgain.trl sea ofoprorblen aedobv aiprsiobvendyscec.rtofdtewtc ssrqbpqnh mxre.bvndmby mtnmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihmsutaceo pn lthn ..ousnrdwlatursavxh.tkv.
gen: 200 fit: -136 chromo: tolrc .c n .zto zo khatcysjyae queytior.mwheohej tisn.otler ijutie sinztte sjfwe.orvhe sltncjuadzl ywowsxqf o lraketud rqxtuneuzftwto wqqd ermj sgain.trl sea ofoprorblen aedmbv aiprsiobvendyscec.rtofdvewtc ssrqbpsnh mxre.kvndmby mqnmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihmdutaceo pn lthn ..ousnrdwlatursyvxh.tkv.
gen: 201 fit: -136 chromo: tolwc .c n u to po khatcysjyae queytimr.mwheohej tisn oxler ijytie sinzate sjfwu.otvhe slsndkuahzl ewowsxqf o graketup cq.tuneuzfewto uqqj armj hgain.tbl sec ofmprorblen aedibw eipbsiobqendqscek.rtofdyextc ssqqbpvnh mxre.hfndmby mypmeep to swy f. efj.atheihykutacfo hn lthf t.ousnrdwlatursfaxh.tkv.
gen: 202 fit: -136 chromo: tolxc .c n avto zo khatdysj.be queyti r.mwheohej tisn otler izotie sinzvte sifwe.krrhe sltnc uajzl iwowsxqf o iraketud nqxtuneujfiwto oqqk armj egain.tbl sec ofonrorblen aedpbw eiprsiotvendyscec.btofdke tc ssfqbpwnh mxre..vndmbu mcpmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihigutacfo pn lthp t.ousnrdwlatursivxh.dkv.
gen: 203 fit: -135 chromo: toluc .a n c to bk khatcysjyae queytior.ewhmohej tisn otler inatie sinzote sifwe.orvhe sltndxuavzl zwowsxqf o traketud aqotuneuzfmwto xqqi armj fgain.tbl sec ofmprorblep aedqbv eipqsiofvendqscea.rtofdgextc sssqbp.nh mxre..vndmby idpmeep to swy f. efj.atheihmxutaceo hn lthn t.ousmrdwlaturswvxh.tkv.
gen: 204 fit: -135 chromo: toluc .a n ctto sk khatcysjyae queytior.ewhmohej tisn otler inftie sinzwte sifwe.orvhe sltndruaizl .wowsxqf o lraketud hqatuneuzf wto yqqi armj qgain.tbl sec ofmprorblep aedobv eipqsiofvendqscea.rtofdmextc ssqqbpvnh mxre.qvndmby iqpmeep to swy f. efj.atheihmtutaceo hn lthn t.ousmrdwlaturswvxh.tkv.
gen: 205 fit: -135 chromo: tolnc .a n etto .o khatdysjyae queytior.mwheohej tisn oxler invtie sinzvte sifwa.orvhe sltndyuafzl owowsxqf o hraketud rqftuneuzfkwto fqqi armj xgain.trl sec ofmprorblen aedqbu eipqsiofvendyscec.btofdge tc ssfqblknh mxre.svndmbw mopoeep to swy f. ehj.atheihmkutacuo gn lthn t.ousmrdwlatursxvah.tkv.
gen: 206 fit: -135 chromo: tol.c .a n fgto  o khatdysjyae queytior.mwheohej tisn oxler inltie sinzxte sifwa.wrvhe sltndyuahzl owowsxqf o eraketud xqctuneuzfqwto zqqi armj lgain.trl sec ofmprorblen aedubu eipqsiofvendyscec.btofdke tc ssbqblsnh mxre.cvndmbw mxpoeep to swy f. ehj.atheihmhutacuo gn lthn t.ousmrdwlaturscvih.tkv.
gen: 207 fit: -135 chromo: tolgc  a n duto xp khatczsj.ae queytior.ewheohej tisn.otler inatie sinzjte sifwe.vrrhe sltnccuaozl uwowsxqf o jraketud iq tuneujfqwto bqqi armj cgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aed.bv eiprsiofvendqscea.rtobdnextc sscqbppnh mxre.yvndmby ikpoeep to swy f. efj.atheihicutaceo pn lthp t.ousmrdwjatursvvxh.tkv.
gen: 208 fit: -135 chromo: toljc .c n ybto .k khatcysjyae queytior.ewheohej tisn otler instie sinzpte sifwe.orvhe sltncpuabzl fwowsxqf o xraketuc oq tuneuzfzwto nqqk armj pgain.tbl sec ofmprorblep aedpbv eipqsiofvendqscea.rtofdqextc ss.qbnxnh mxre.evndmby ibpmeep tp swy f. efj.atheihyiutaceo gn lthn t.ousnrdwlaturstvxh.tkv.
gen: 209 fit: -133 chromo: tolkc  a n yuto gp khatczsj.ae queytior.ewheohej tisn.otler instie sinzste sifwe.mrrhe sltncbuaazl vwowsxqf o vraketud gqmtuneujfhwto zqqi armj ogain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedsbv eiprsiofvendqscea.rtobdsextc ssyqbppnh mxre.hvndmby inpoeep to swy f. efj.atheihifutaceo pn lthp t.ousmrdwjaturs.vxh.tkv.
gen: 210 fit: -133 chromo: tolgc  a n quto wp khatczsj.ae queytior.ewheohej tisn.otler inttie sinzbte sifwe..rrhe sltncduaxzl lwowsxqf o traketud hqatuneujfmwto aqqi armj ggain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedgbv eiprsiofvendqscea.rtobdaextc ssbqbppnh mxre.wvndmby inpoeep to swy f. efj.atheihi.utaceo pn lthp t.ousmrdwjatursdvxh.tkv.
gen: 211 fit: -133 chromo: tol.c  a n muto qp khatczsj.ae queytior.ewheohej tisn.otler inntie sinzgte sifwe.brrhe sltnccuaezl mwowsxqf o draketud xqjtuneujfdwto fqqi armj  gain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedpbv eiprsiofvendqscea.rtobddextc sseqbppnh mxre.evndmby irpoeep to swy f. efj.atheihitutaceo pn lthp t.ousmrdwjaturshvxh.tkv.
gen: 212 fit: -133 chromo: tolzc .a n tbto zo khatcysjyae queytior.gwhfohej tisn otler inrtie sinzxte sifwetorvhe sltnd ualzl twowsxqf o draketud zqjtuneuyfsxto  qqk armj lgain.tbl sec ofmprorblep aedpbv eipqsiofvendyscea.btofdje tc ss.qbnynh mxre.wvndmby ifpmeep tp swy f. ehj.atheihydutaceo gn lthn t.ousnrdwlaturstvxh.tkv.
gen: 213 fit: -133 chromo: tolgc .c n csto zk khatcysj.ae queytior.gwheohej tisn otler inbtie sinzpte sifwe.orvhe sltnc uaezl wwowsxqf o vraketud uqntuneuzfdwto .qqk armj ugain.tbl sec ofmprorblep aedpbv eipqsiofvendqscea.rtofdtextc sstqbn.nh mxre.svndmby i pmeep tp swy f. efj.atheihydutaceo gn lthf t.ousnrdwlaturs.vxh.tkv.
gen: 214 fit: -133 chromo: tolkc .a n ruto bl chatczsjyae aueytioa.ewheohej.tisn.otler inltie sinzste sifxe.crrhe slsncyuawzl jwowsxqf o vraketud yqvtuneuzfmwto jqqi armj jgain.tbp sec ofmprovblen aedgbv eipysiofvendqscea.rtobdwextc sshqbppnh mxre.gvndmby ifpmeep to swy f. efj.atheihiputaceo pn lthn t.ousizdwlatwrsw xh.skv.
gen: 215 fit: -133 chromo: tolpc .a n qbto.zo khatcysjyae queytior.gwheohej tisn otler inbtie sinzote sifwe.orvhe sltndguakzl .wowsxqf o sraketuc xqrtunevyfsxto iqqk armj sgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedpbv eiprsiofvendyscec.btofdhe tc ss.qbndnh mxre.fvndmby ilpmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihyuutaceo gn lthn t.ousnrdwlatursyvxh.tkv.
gen: 216 fit: -133 chromo: tolnc  c n e to zl khatdysjyae queytioq.ewheohej tisn.otler inqtie sinznte sifwe.orvhe slrncyuayzl vwowsxqf o oraketud yqxtuneuzfvwto xqqi armj vgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedabv eipqsiofvendyscec.btofdne tc ss.qbpdnh mxre.bvndmby mipoeep to swy f. efj.atheihmzutaceo gn lthf t.ousnrdwlaturswvhh.tlv.
gen: 217 fit: -133 chromo: toluc .a n lito po khatdysjyae queytior.gwheohej tisn otler inztie sinzgte sifwe.orvhe sltndfua zl owowsxqf o craketud kqmtunevyfwxto gqqk armj cgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedubv eiprsiofvendyscec.btofdpe tc ss.qbnjnh mxre.ovndmby iwpmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihyqutaceo gn lthn t.ousnrdwlasursuvxh.tkv.
gen: 218 fit: -133 chromo: tollc .a n outo.ho khatcysjyae queytioq.ewheohej tisn otler ingtie sinzxte sifde.orvhe sltncyuaezl jwowsxqf o vraketud sqbtunevyfpxto cqqk armj zgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aadabv eiprsiofvendyscec.btobdze tc ss.qbnwnx mxre.zvndmby ivpmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihmeutaceo gn lthn t.ousfrdxlatursbvxp.tkq.
gen: 219 fit: -133 chromo: tolgc  c n vzto zl khatdysjyae queytioq.ewheohej tisn.otler inutie sinzate sifwe.orvhe slrncyua.zl nwowsxqf o nraketud dqjtuneuzftwto .qqi armj ogain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedgbv eipqsiofvendyscec.btofdve tc ssuqbpznh mxre.svndmby m.poeep to swy f. efj.atheihmtutaceo gn lthf t.ousnrdwlaturswvhh.tlv.
gen: 220 fit: -133 chromo: tolgc  c n xnto zk khatdysjyae queytioq.ewheohej tisn.otler inztie sinzzte sifwe.orvhe sltncyuazzl gwowsxqf o vraketud mqqtuneuzfxwto hqqi armj  gain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedubv eipqsiofvendyscec.btofdoe tc stnqbptnh mxre.kvndmby mopoeep to swy f. efj.atheihmyutaceo gn lthf t.ousnrdwlaturswvhh.tkv.
gen: 221 fit: -133 chromo: tolkc .a n vwto .p khatcysj.ae queytior.gsheohej tisn otler inetie sinzrte sifue.mrvhe sltncjuazzl rwowsxqf o uraketud zqttunevzftwto iqqi armj ogain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedpbv eipqsioffendyscec.rtobd e tc sstqbnwnh mxre.hvndmby iapoeep to swy f. efj.atheihmbutaceo gp lthf t.ousfrdwlatgrsbvxh.tkv.
gen: 222 fit: -133 chromo: tolec  c n ftto zl khatdysjyae queytioq.ewheohej tisn.otler inotie sinzpte sifwe.orvhe slrncyuapzl owowsxqf o draketut eqftuneuzfvwto aqqi armj dgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedibv eipqsiofvendyscec.btofdte tc sscqbpznh mxre.jvndmby mbpoeep to swy f. efj.atheihmdutaceo gn lthf t.ousnrdwlaturswvhh.dlv.
gen: 223 fit: -133 chromo: tolec .c n huto .l khatcysjyce queytioq.ewheohej tisn.otler inctie sinzgte sifwelorphe slrncyuabzl fwowsxqf o mraketud fqhtuneuzfpwto nqri armj fgain.trl sec kfmprozbleq aedmbv eipqsiofvendyscea.btofdve tc ssmqbn nh mxre.lvndmby mnpmeep to swy f. efj.atheihmputacuo gn lthf t.ousnrdwlaturs.vxh.skv.
gen: 224 fit: -132 chromo: tolbc .c nlhxto zk khatdysjyae queytioq.ewheohej tisnyotler initie sinzwte sifwe.orvhe sltndyuaszl gwowsxqf o draketud cqftunevzfdwto qqqk armj .gain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedpbv eipqsiofuendyscec.btofdoe tc ssvqbpqnh mxre.mvndmby mlpoeep to swy f. ehj.atheihmyutaceo gn lthn t.ousnrdwlaturwwvhh.tkv.
gen: 225 fit: -132 chromo: tolgc  c n dlto zk khatdysjyae queytioq.ewheohej tisn.otler inatie sinzhte sifwe.orvhe sltncyuabzl iwowsxqf o graketud pqhtuneuzfjwto pqqi armj fgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedebv eipqsiofvendyscec.btofdhe tc steqbpynh mxre.bvndmby mcpoeep to swy f. efj.atheihmeutaceo gn lthf t.ousnrdwlaturswvhh.tkv.
gen: 226 fit: -132 chromo: tokdc .a nkcoto zp khatdysjyae queytioq.ewheohej tisnyotler in tie sinzhte sifwe.orvhe sltndyuagzl dwowsxqf o hrakexed mqjtuneuzfmwto hqrk armj igain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedpbv eipqsiofuendyscec.btofdee tc ssyqbnmnh mxre.tvndmby mxpmeep to swy f. ehj.atheihmhutaceo gn lthn t.ousnrdwlatursbvhh.tkv.
gen: 227 fit: -132 chromo: tolrc .a nxhcto zp khatdysjyae queytior.ewheohej tisnyotler in.tie sinzfte sifwe.ervhe sltndyua zl cwowsxqf o mraketud qqjtunevzfwwto kqrk armj vgain.tql sec ofmhrorblep aedhbv eiprsiofuendyscec.btofdke tc sttqbnhnh mxre.bvndmby inpoeep to swy f. ehj.atheihmqutaceo gn lthn t.ousnrdwlaturxwvhh.tkv.
gen: 228 fit: -132 chromo: toloc  c n dvto zk khatdysjyae queytioq.ewheohej tisn.otler inctie sinzcte sifwe.orvhe sltncyuaizl rwowsxqf o nraketud dqttuneuzflwto wqqi armj rgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedzbv eipqsiofvendysdec.btofd.e tc st qbptnh mxre.ovndmby mspoeep to swy f. evj.atheihmzutaceo gn lthe t.ousnrdwlaturswvhh.tkv.
gen: 229 fit: -132 chromo: toluc .c n quto jk khatdysjyae queztior.ewheohel tisn otler inptie sinzzte sifye.orjhe sltncyuavzl evowsxqf o uraketud qrotuneuzftqto oqri armj ggain.tbl sec ofmprozblep aadqbv eipqsiofvendqscec.dtofdve tc sswqbpenh mxre.jvndmby mapkeep to swy f. efj.atheihykutaceo gn lthf t.ousnrdxlaturswvxh.tkq.
gen: 230 fit: -132 chromo: tolvc .a n mato zk khatdysiyae queytior.ewheohej tisn.otler injtie sinzjte sifweworvhe sltndyuaozl lwowsxqf o arakesud eqhtuneuzfxwto vqqk armj cgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedpbv eiprsiovuendyscec.btofdve tc stlrbpsnh mxre.jvndmby m pmeep to swy f. fhj.atheihmfwtaceo pn lthe t.ousnrd.latursyvhhttkv.
gen: 231 fit: -132 chromo: tol c  c n gsto zk khatdysjyae queytioq.ewheohej tisn.otler ingtie sinzhte sifwe.orvhe sltncyuaczl .wowsxqf o fraketud iqstuneuzfewto rqqi armj kgiin.trl sec ofmprorblep aedhbv eipqsiofvendysdec.btofdbe tc stgqbpmnh mxre.mvndmby mdpoeep to swy f. evj.atheihmlutaceo gn pthe t.ousnrdwlaturswvhh.tkv.
gen: 232 fit: -132 chromo: tolhc  c n byto zk khatdysjyae queytioq.ewheohej tisn.otler inltie sinzdte sifwe.orvhe sltncyuaizl pwowsxqf o  raketud nq tuneuzflwto qqqi armj again.trl sec ofmprorblep aedybv eipqsiofvendysdec.btofdoe tc stsqbpbnh mxre.svndmby mqpoeep to swy f. evj.atheihmmutaceo gn lthe t.ousnrdwlaturswvhh.tkv.
gen: 233 fit: -132 chromo: tollc .a n vato zk khatdysiyae queytior.ewheohej tisn.otler inwtie sinzpte sifweporvhe sltndyuazzl cwowsxqf o frakesud qqstuneuzfwwto jqqk armj ygain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedpbv eiprsiovuendyscec.btofdge tc stlrbpanh mxre.vvndmby mepmeep to swy f. fhj.atheihmritaceo pn lthe t.ousnrdylatursqvhhttkv.
gen: 234 fit: -132 chromo: tolac .a n ynto zk khatdysiyae queytior.ewheohej tisn.otler inmtie sinznte sifwejorvhe sltndyuanzl wwowsxqf o irakesud rqwtuneuzfswto  qqk armj jgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedpbv eiprsiovuendyscec.btofdte tc stlrbpcnh mxre.rvndmby mapmeep to swy f. fhj.atheihmjdtaceo pn lthe t.ousnrddlatursbvhhttkv.
gen: 235 fit: -132 chromo: tol c  c n lmto zk khatdysjyae queytioq.ewheohej tisn.otler inbtie sinzpte sifwe.orvhe sltncyuafzl uwowsxqf o kraketud dqntuneuzfkwto sqqi armj vgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aed bv eipqsiofvendysdec.btofd.e tc stoqbpgnh mxre. vndmby mipoeep to swy f. evj.atheihmgutaceo gn lthe t.ousnrdwlaturswvhh.tkv.
gen: 236 fit: -132 chromo: tolrc  c n xato zk khatdysjyae queytioq.ewheohej tisn.otler inntie sinzate sifwe.orvhe sltncyuauzl lwowsxqf o graketud rqstuneuzflwto vqqi armj zgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedcbv eipqsiofvendysdec.btofdhe tc strqbpnnh mxre.nvndmby mrpoeep to swy f. evj.atheihmdutaceo gn lthe t.ousnrdwlaturswvhh.tkv.
gen: 237 fit: -132 chromo: tolyk  c n ixto zk khatdzsjyae queytyoq.awheohej tismyotler inftie sinznte sifwe.otvhe slrncyuawyl lwowsxqf o sraketud vq.tuneuzf.wto tqqi armj egain.trl sed ofmprorbleo audubv eiprsikfvendysdec.btofdle tc stxqbpeng mvre.yvndmby m.poeep to swy f. ehj.atheihmautacfo gn lthe t.ousnrdwlaturswvhh.tkv.
gen: 238 fit: -132 chromo: tolrc  c n cfto zk khatdisjyae queytioq.awheoxej tisn.otler inetie sinzntessifwe.orvhe slsncyuawzl rwowsxqf o iraketud uqqtuneuzfdwto cqqi armj sgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedpbv eipqsikevend sdec.jtofdre tc stfqbpnnh mxre.lvndmby mspoeep to swy f. evj.atheihmlutaceo gn lthe t.ousnrdwlaturwwvhh.tkv.
gen: 239 fit: -131 chromo: tolvc .d n stto zk khatdysjyee queytioq.ewheohej tisn.otler inetie  inznte sifwe.orvhe sltncyuaszl xwowsxqf o irakesud lqituneezf wto rqqi armj again.trl sec ofeprorblep aedfbv eipqsiofvendyscec.btofdye tc stwqbpbnh mxre.dondmby mhpoeep to swy f. evj.atheihmuutaceo gn lthe t.ousnrdwlaturswvhh.tkv.
gen: 240 fit: -131 chromo: tolcc .c n jyto zk khatdysjyee queytior.ewheohej tisn.otler inxtie sinzpte syfwe.orvhe sltncyuapzl dwowsxqf o  raketud qqstuneezfcsto yqqi armj qgain.trl sec ofeprorblep aedrbv eipqsiofvendysdec.btofdye tc strqbponh mxre.rzndmby mcpoegp toyswy f. evj.atheihmjutaceo gn lthe t.ousnrdwlaturswvhh.tkv.
gen: 241 fit: -131 chromo: toldc  c n.rfto zk khatdysiyae queytioq.ewheohej tasn.otler inqtie sinzdte sifwezorvhe sltncyuayzl wwowsxqf o srakesud xqbtuneuzfiwto eqqk armj pgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedsbv eiprsiofuendysdec.jtofdae ts st.qbpenh mxre.zvndmby mxpoeep to swy f. evj.atheihmtutaceo gn pthe t.ousnrdhlaturskvhhttkv.
gen: 242 fit: -131 chromo: tolhc .c nkofto zk khatdysiyae queytior.ewheohez tisn.otler inutie sinzzte syfwe.orvhe sltndyuarzl cwowsxsf o zraketudovqgtuneuzfmsto xqqk armj again.trl sec ofmprorblep aedsbv eiprsiovvendysdec.btofdne tc sturbovnh mxre.cvndmby mipmeep to swy f. evj.atheihmhutaceo gn lthe t.ousprdulaturswvhhstkv.
gen: 243 fit: -131 chromo: tolok  q n lmtk zk khatdysjyae queytior.ewhekhej tisn.otler inrtie tinzpte szfwe.frvhe sltncyuakzl owowsxqf o nrakesud sqntuneuzflxto .qqk armj.wgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedlbv eiprsioffendytged.rtofdze tc stprbpcnd mxre.uvndmby mipmeep to swy e. ehj.atheihe utaceo gn lthe x.ousnrdwlaturswvhh.tkr.
gen: 244 fit: -131 chromo: toljc .a n fcto zk khatdysjyae queytioq.ewheohej tisn.otler invtie  inzste sifwe.orvhe sltncyualzl awowsxqf o  rakesud dqctuneuzf wto wqqk armj  gain.trl sec ofmprorbleo aedpbv eiprsiofumndytdec.btofdoe tc stzrbpynh mxre.hvndmby mulgeep to swy f. evj.qtheihm utaceo gn lthe t.ousnrdwlaturswvhh.tkv.
gen: 245 fit: -131 chromo: tolic  a n xfto zk khatdysjyce queytior.ewheohej tism.otler inytie sinzcte sifwe.orvhe sltndbuahzl jwowsxqf o nraoesud .qctujeuzfvwto wqqk armj pgain.tzl sed ofmprorblep aedpbv ejpqsiofvendyshec.btofdge ts stjrbptnh mxre.cvndmby mzpmeep to swy f. evj.atheihmtutaceo gnslthe t.ousmrd laturxwvhhttkv.
gen: 246 fit: -131 chromo: toltc .c n mzto zk khatdysiyae queytioq.ewheohez tisn.otler inotie sinzzte syfwe.orvhe sltncyua.zl swowsxsf o hraketud kqgtuneuzfxwto kqqk armj ugain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedfbv eiprsiovxendytdec.btofdde ts stkrbolnh mxre.evndmby mkpmeep to swy f. evj.atheihmyutaceo pn lthe t.ousnrdxlaturswvhh.tkv.
gen: 247 fit: -131 chromo: toloc .c n iwto zk khatdysiyae queytioq.ewheohez tisn.otler inptie cinztte syfwe.orvhe sltncyuauzl pwowsxsf o lraketud rqwtuneuzfcwto jqqk armj dgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedzbv eiprsiovxendytdec.btofdbe ts stzrbkanh mxre.yvndmby mypmeep to swy f. evj.atheihmqutaceo pn lthe t.ousnrdmlaturswvhh.tkv.
gen: 248 fit: -131 chromo: tolmc  c n hrto zk khatdysjyce queytioq.ewheohej tisn.otler inetie sinznte smfwe..rvhe sltndyuanzl .wowsxqf o sraoesud zqttuneuzfywto cqqk armj mgain.tzl sed ofmprorblep aedjbv eipqsiovfendyshec.btofdue tc stwqbptnh mxre.rvndmby myzmeep to swy f. evj.atheihmjutaceo gnslthe t.ousnrdhlaturxxvhhttkt.
gen: 249 fit: -128 chromo: tolhc  c n  oto zk khatdysiyae queytioq.ewheohez tisn.otler in tie tinzfte syfwe.drvhe sltncyuawzlyywowsxsf o fraketud wqotuneuzfowto eqqk armj rgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedzbv eiprsiovxendythec.rtofdee tc stcrbownh mxre.mvndmby mepmeep to swy f. evj.atheihmgutaceo gnslthe t.ousnrdslaturswvhh.tkq.
gen: 250 fit: -128 chromo: tolhg .a n rlto zk khatdysiyae queytioq.ewheohej tisn.otler inntie sinzhte syfwe.orvhe sltndyuajzl gwowsxqf o iraoetvd yqytuneuzftwto dqqk armj egain.trl sea ofmprorblep aedgbv.eiprsiovxendqthec.btofdpe tc stoqbpynh mxre.kvndmby mapneep to swy f. evj.atheihmrutaceo pnslthe t.ousnrdilaturswvhh.tkv.
gen: 251 fit: -128 chromo: tolhc  c n geto zk khatdysiyae queytioq.ewheohez tisn.otler inctie tinzxte syfwe.ervhe sltncyuawzlyuwowsxsf o draketud vqutuneuzfxwto fqqk armj kgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedmbv eiprsiovxendythec.rtofdve tc stqrbobnh mxre.wvndmby mkpmeep to swy f. evj.atheihmsutaceo gnslthe t.ousnrdflaturswvhh.tkn.
gen: 252 fit: -128 chromo: tolyc  c n fnto zk khatdysiyae queytioq.ewheohej tisn.otler indtie tinzote syvwe. rvhe sltncyuawzl swowsxqf o zraoetud gqdtuneuzfpwto  qqi armj cgain.trl sed ofmprorblep aedsbv eiprsiovfendythec.btofdye tc stqqbponh mxre.ovndmby mnpmeep to swy f. evj.atheihmtutaceo cnslthe t.ousnrdflaturswvhhttkr.
gen: 253 fit: -128 chromo: tolhg .c n.ebto zk khatdysjyae qeeytioq.ewheohej tisn.otler inxtie sinzete syfwelorvhe sltncyuamzl gwowsxqf o fraoetud hqttuneuzfbwto pqqk armj bgain.trl sea ofmprorblep aedhbv eiprsiovxend thec.btofdie ts sthqbpfnh mxre.vvndmby mqpmeep to swy f. evj.atheihmwutaceo cnspxhe t.ousnrdvlatursgvhh..kv.
gen: 254 fit: -128 chromo: tolqc .c n zfto zk khatdysiyae queytioq.ewheohez tisn.otler inhtie tinzwte syfwe.wrvhe sltnhyuapzl hwowsxsf o iraketud hq tuneuzfpwto wqqk armj cgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aed.bv eiprsiovuendytheczbtofdre tk stjrbognh mxre.vvndmby mupmeep to swy f. evj.atheihmputaceo gnslthe t.ousnrdwlaturswvhh.tku.
gen: 255 fit: -128 chromo: tolcc .c n buto zk khatdysjyae queytioq.ewheohez tisn.otler invtie tinztte syfwe.rrvhe sltndyuatzl ewowsxqf o yrakesud jqktuneuzfpwto wqqk armj sgain.trl sed ofmprorblep aedebv eiprsiovxendythek.rtofdte tc starbkrnh mxre.pvndmby mbpmfep to swy f. evj.itheihmtutaceo gnskthe t.ousnrdhjaturxwvhh.tkv.
gen: 256 fit: -128 chromo: tolfc .c n jeto zk khatdysjyae qeeytioq.ewhemhez tisn.otler inctie sinzste syfwe.orvhe sltncywavzlyosowsxqf o vraoetud bqstuneuzfawto wqqk arnj ggain.trl sec ofmprorblep aed.bv eiprsiovxendythec.rtofdje ts stvqbkrnh mxre.xvndmby mnpmeep to swy f. evj.athekhmnutaceo gnslthe t.ousnrd.latursyvhh.tkh.
gen: 257 fit: -128 chromo: tolsc .c n  pto z  khatdisiyae queytioq.ewheohez tisn.otler indtye tinzbte sifwe.crvhe sltncyuaazl iwowsxsf o xrakesud uqwtuneuzfowto qqqk armj ygain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedabv eiprsiovxend thed.btofdde tc storbkdnh mxre.pvndmby mvpmeep to swy f. evj.atheihmevtacem enslthe t.ousnrdylaturxwvhh.tkv.
gen: 258 fit: -128 chromo: tolgc .c n k to z  khatdisiyae queytioq.ewheohez tisn.otler instye tinzqte sifwe.prvhe sltncyuazzl mwowsxsf o erakesud xqptuneuzftwto yqqk armj ygain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedmbv eiprsiovxend thed.btofdae tc st rbkrnh mxre.lvndmby mzpmeep to swy f. evj.atheihmlvtacem enslthe t.ousnrdelaturxwvhh.tkv.
gen: 259 fit: -128 chromo: tolac .c n njto z  khatdisiyae queytioq.ewheohez tisn.otler injtye tinztte sifwe.prvhe sltncyuaezl twowsxsf o crakesud .qituneuzf.wto bqqk armj xgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedbbv eiprsiovxend thed.btofdwe tc stfrbkrnh mxre.pvndmby mgpmeep to swy f. evj.atheihmkvtacem enslthe t.ousnrdjlaturxwvhh.tkv.
gen: 260 fit: -128 chromo: tolkgx.c n e.to zk khatdysjyae queytioq.ewheohez tisn.otler initie tinzste sifxelorvhe sltndyuatzl kwowsxqf oyzraoetud uqgtuneuzflwto fqrk armj jgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedgbv gipqsiovxend thec.btohdbe sc stbqbpnnh mxre.kvndmby mjpmeep to swy f. evj.atheihmxutaceo gnspthe t.ousnrdslaturswvhhdtkg.
gen: 261 fit: -128 chromo: toljc .c n  kto z  khatdisiyae queytioq.ewheohez tisn.otler inetye tinzote sifwe.brvhe sltncyuabzl mwowsxsf o prakesud aqltuneuzfhwto sqqk armj hgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedsbv eiprsiovxend thed.btofdte tc stmrbk.nh mxre.cvndmby mspmeep to swy f. evj.atheihmavtacem enslthe t.ousnrdjlaturxwvhh.tkv.
gen: 262 fit: -128 chromo: tolbc .c n hpto z  khatdisiyae queytioq.ewheohez tisn.otler inltye tinzate sifwe..rvhe sltncyuaozl  wowsxsf o prakesud yqotuneuzfpwto vqqk armj cgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedcbv eiprsiovxend thed.btofdve tc stjrbkfnh mxre.fvndmby mapmeep to swy f. evj.atheihmqvtacem enslthe t.ousnrdalaturxwvhh.tkv.
gen: 263 fit: -128 chromo: tolhg .c n dato zk khatdysiyae queytioq.ewhemhez tisn.otler inktie tinztte syfwelorvhe sltncruagzl jwowsxqf o zragesud cq tunewzdbwto jqqk armj .gain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedfbv eiprsiovxend thek.rtofdye tc stwrbpynh mxre.fvndmby mtlmeep to swy v. evj.atheihmputaceo gnslthe t.ousnrd laturswvhh.tkv.
gen: 264 fit: -128 chromo: toljg .c n fyto zk khatdysiyae queytioq.ewhemhez tisn.otler inytie tinzute syfwelorvhe sltncsuagzl rwowsxqf o zragesud  qvtunewzdvwto mqqk armj sgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedybv eiprsiovxend thek.rtofdke tc sttrbphnh mxre.hvndmby mqlmeep to swy v. evj.atheihm.utaceo gnslthe t.ousnrdjlaturswvhh.tkv.
gen: 265 fit: -128 chromo: tolcg .c n bvto zk khatdysiyae queytioq.ewhemhez tisn.otler inotie tinzxte syfwelorvhe sltncwuagzl zwowsxqf o zragesud bqjtunewzdzwto oqqk armj egain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedybv eiprsiovxend thek.rtofdke tc stcrbpqnh mxre.lvndmby m.lmeep to swy v. evj.atheihmmutaceo gnslthe t.ousnrdhlaturswvhh.tkv.
gen: 266 fit: -128 chromo: tolcc  c n jato zk khatdisiyae queytioq.ewheohey tisn.otler ingtie tinzrte syfoe.sqvhe sltncyua zlyhwowsxqf oy ragesud uqltuneuzdpwto vqqk armj zgain.trl sec ofmororblep aedkbu eiprsioxxend thec.btohdke tc sttrbpmnh mxre. vndmby mfpmeep to swy v. evj.atgeihmlutaceo gnspthe t.ousnrdylaturxw hhltkv.
gen: 267 fit: -127 chromo: tolxc  c n txto zk khatdisiyae queytioq.ewheoheq tisn.otler inrtie tinzpte syfye.lqvhe sltncyuaozlyqwowsxqf oynragesud sqvtuneuzdpwto hqqk armj vgain.trl sec ofmororblep aednbr eiprsioxxend thec.btohdge tc stkrbpvnh mxre.nvndmby mupmeep to swy v. evj.atgeihmbutaceo gnspthe t.ousnrdglaturxbmhhltkv.
gen: 268 fit: -127 chromo: tolrc .c n oito zk khaddisjyae queytioq.ewheohez tisn.otler inxtye tinyitg sifwe.lrvhe sltnciuaszlykxowsxaf o arakesud mqjtuneuzfjwto xqqk armj bgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedqbv eipqsioxxend thec.rtofdqe tc stjqakznh mxre.pvndmby mbpmeep to swy f. evj.qtheihmdutacem enslthe t.ousmtdrlaturxwvhh.tkz.
gen: 269 fit: -127 chromo: tolsc  c n utto jk khatdisiyae queytioq.ewheohez tisn.otler inztie tinzkte szfwe.orvhe sltncyuaazl .wowsxsf o hragesud irxtuneizfcwto mqqk armj ogain.tql sec ofmprorblep aedybv miprsioxeend thec.btofdve tc stcrbppnh mxre.ovndmby mfpmeep to swy v. evj.atgeihmeutaceo gnspthe t.ousnrdplaturxslhhltkv.
gen: 270 fit: -127 chromo: tolyc .c n cpdo zk khaddisiyae queytioq.ewheohev tisn.otler inftye tinzntg sifoe.prvhe sltncyuamzl xxowsxaf o sragesud oqqtuneuzdqwto gqqk armj .gain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedgbv eipqsiovxend thec.rtohdfe tc styqakrnh mxre.gvndmby mwpmeep to swy f. evj.qtheihmhutacet enslthe ttousmrdplaturxwvhhltky.
gen: 271 fit: -127 chromo: tolvc .c n soto zk khatdisizae queytioq.ewhemhez tisn.otler in.tye tinzfte sifwe.orvhe sltngiuatzl zwowsxsf o  ragesud iretunenzdpwto xqqk armn vgain.tzl sec ofmprorblep aedvbv miprsioveend thec.rtofdve tc stdqbkonh mxre.ivndmby mepmeep to swy v. evj.atheihmrwtaceo enslthe t.ousnrd.laturxwvwh.tkp.
gen: 272 fit: -127 chromo: tolrc .c n bmto jk khatdisiyae queytioq.ewheohez tisn.otler inbtie tinzmtg sifxe.nrvhe sltngyvanzlyiwowsxsf o vragetud lqftunepzd.wto tqqk armj kgain.trl sec ofmororblep aedobv miprsiovxend thec.btofdye tc stjqbkjnh mxre.fvndmby mopmeep to swy v. evj.atdeihmnutaceo enslthe t.ousnrdrlaturxwjhh..kv.
gen: 273 fit: -127 chromo: tolec .c n ufto zk khatdisjyae queytioq.ewhemhey tisn.otler inxtye tiny.tg sifwe.orvhe sltncivalzkyaxowsxaf o xraoetud  qqtunewzdtwto iqqk armj mgain.trl sec ofmprorblep afdjbu eiprsiovxend thec.rtofdae tc st.qbkhnh mxre. vndmby mkpmeep to swy v. evj.qtheihmfutacem enslthe t.ousmtdwlaturxwvhh.tkk.
gen: 274 fit: -127 chromo: tolxc .c n tlto zk khatdisizae queytioq.ewhemhej tisn.otper inxtye tinzute sifwe.orvhe sldngivagzkyawowsxsf o zragesub wrmtunemzdywto tqqk armj bgain.trl sec ofmprorblep afdxbv miprsioaxend thec.rtofdxe tc stzrbpynh.mxre. vndmby mbpoeep to swykv. evj.qtheihmgmtacem gnslthe t.ousnrtalaturswvhh.tkv.
gen: 275 fit: -127 chromo: tolqc .c n wcto zk khatdisizae queytioq.ewhemhez tisn.otler instye tinzste sifwe.orvhe sltngiuakzl swowsxsf o zragesud erytuneezdawto mqqk armn ngain.tzl sec ofmprorblep aedobv miprsioveend thec.rtofdre tc stcqbktnh mxre.fvndmby mrpmeep to swy v. evj.atheihmqztaceo enslthe t.ousnrdmlaturxwvwh.tks.
gen: 276 fit: -127 chromo: toldc .c n bkto zk khatdisjyae queysioq.ewhemhew tisn.otler inxtye tinybte sifwe.orvhe sltngyvax.kyqxowsxaf o  raoetud fqntuneuzdgwto vqqk armj ngain.trl sec ofmororblep aedhbv eiprsiovxend thec.rtofdpe tc steqaisnh mxre.uvndmby mzpmeep to swy v. evj.btheihmnutacee enslthe t.ousmtdzlaturxwvhh.tkg.
gen: 277 fit: -127 chromo: toldc .c n fpto zk khatdisiyae qeeytioq.ewhemhez tisn.otper inxtye tinzhte syfwe.orvhe sltngiuab.lylwowsxsf o zragesud oqytuneuzdgwto paqk armj qgain.trl sec ofmprorblep afd.bv uiprsiooeend thec.rtofdxe tc strqakynh mxre. vndmbyumlpoeep to swy v. evj atheihmautaceo enslthe t.ousntdqlaturswvhh..kv.
gen: 278 fit: -126 chromo: toltc .c n woto zk khatdisjzae queytioq.ewhemhez tisn.otler inwtye tiny.te sifwe.orvhe sltngivaoklyhxowsxsf o hragesud frqtuneuzdtwto nqqk armj ggain.trl sec ofmororblep aedwbv miprsioveend thec.rtofdqe tc stpqaiunh fxre. vndmby mupmeep to swy v. evj.btheihmcgtacee enslthe t.ousnrdflaturwwvhh.tkf.
gen: 279 fit: -126 chromo: tolhc .c n rhto zk khatdisizae queytioq.ewhemhez tisn.otler inctye tinztte sifwe.orvhe sltngiua.zl qwowsxsf o oragesud jrwtunewzdwwto nqqk armn tgain.tzl sec ofmprorblep aedkbv miprsiovxend thec.rtofdne tc stvqbpvnh mxre.ovndmby mspoeep to swy v. evj.atheihmsdtaceo enslthe t.ousnrdnlaturxwvwh.tke.
gen: 280 fit: -126 chromo: tojqc .c n  .to zk khatdisjzae queytioq.ewhemhev tisn.otler inztye tinzyte sifwe.orvhe sltngyvaazkypxowsxaf o nragesud zrttuneuzd wto zrqk armj dgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedgbv miprsioveend thec.rtofdce tc stcqakgnh mxre.rvndmby mbpmeep to swy v. evj.btheihmwktacee enslthe t.ousnrdkkaturxhvhh.tkn.
gen: 281 fit: -125 chromo: tolfc .c n yuto zk khatdisiyae queytioq.ewhemhex tisn.otler inatie tinznte sifwe.orvhe sltngyvawzk.vxowsxsf o uragesud oqutuneqzfrwto xrq  armn  gain.tzl sec ofmprorblep aedwbv miprsiovxend thec.rtofdse tc stzqakcnh mxre. vndmby mhomeep to swy v. evj.btheihmngtacee enslthe t.ousnrdplaterxwvhh..kg.
gen: 282 fit: -125 chromo: tojsc .c n yoto zk khatdisjzae queytioq.ewhemhez tisn.otler inytye tinznte sifwe.orvhe sltngyvazzky.xowsxaf o iragesud irgtuneuzdbwto mrqk armj sgain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedibv miprsioveend thec.rtofd e tc stoqakinh mxre.ovndmby m pmeep to swy v. evj.btheihmabtacee enslthe t.ousnrdbkaturxovhh.tke.
gen: 283 fit: -125 chromo: tokoc .c n ogto zk khatdisjzbe queytioq.ewhemhez tisn.otler invtye tinzjte sifwe.orvge sltngyvaezkyjxowsxaf o rragetud qrztunewzdpwto taqk armj cgain.tzl sec ofmptorblep aedfbv eiprsiovxend thec.rtofdve tc stkqbkbnh mxre. vndmby mmooeep to swy v. evj.qtheihmhjtacee enslthe t.ousmtdjkaturxgvhh.tkf.
gen: 284 fit: -125 chromo: tolec .c n glto zk khatdisjzae queytioq.ewhemheu tisn.otler instye tinzote sifwe.orvhe sltngyvakzkycxowsxaf o nragesud  rxtuneuzdjwto lrqk armj ygain.trl sec ofmprorblep aedabv miprsioveend thec.rtofdfe tc stqqakgnh mxre.pvndmby mepmeep to swy v. evj.btheihm.gtacee enslthe t.ousnrdekaturxgvhh.tkm.
gen: 285 fit: -124 chromo: toj.c .c n vkto zk khatdisizae queetioq.ewhemheg tisn.otler inxtye.tinzate sjfwe.orvhe sltngyvaqzl  xowsxsh o dragesud gqmtunewzdfwto hqqk armn zgain.tzl sec ofmprorblep aeddbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdse tg stxqaphnh mxre. vndmby mapoeep to swy v. evj.atheihmyhtacee enslthe t.ousntdplaturxwvhh tkm.
gen: 286 fit: -124 chromo: tojpc .c n ozto yk khatdisiyae que tioq.ewhemhe  tisn.otler initye tinzqte sjfwe.orvhe sltngyvahzkycxowsxsf o jragesud jqotuneuzdeuto  qqk armn tgain.tzl sec ofmprorblep aed bv oiprsioveend thec.rtofdke tg stnqbp.nh mxre. vndmby mvpmeep tk swy v. evb.btheihmkatacee enslthe s.ousntdelaturxvvhh.tkv.
gen: 287 fit: -124 chromo: tojic .c n hkto yk khatdisjzbe quewtior.ewhemhek tisn.otler inbtye tinztte sjfwe.orvhe sltngivapzlyixowsxsf o kragetud .qitunewzdfwto faqk armj rgain.tzl sec ofmprorblep aedqbv eiprsiovxend thec.rtofdge tc st.qbpynh mxre. vndmby mfooeep to swy v. evb.q.heihmbvtacee enslthe t.ousmtdskaturxbvhh tkp.
gen: 288 fit: -124 chromo: tolwc .c n xyto zk khatdisjyae queytioq.fwhemhea tisn.otler inbtie tinzzte sifwe.orvhe sltngivapmkydvowsxsf o sragesud xrltuneuzdtwto lqq  armj zgain.trl sec ofmprorjlep aedwbv miprsiovhend thec.rtofdne tc stuqaicnh mxre.evndmby mypmeep to swy v. evj.btheihm atacee ens the t.ousnrddlaturwwvhh.tkp.
gen: 289 fit: -124 chromo: tojzc .c n usto yk khatdisiyae que tioq.ewhemhel tisn.otler inxtye.tinz.te sjfwe.orvhe sltngivaszl  xowsxsf o lragesud oqrtunewzdawto bqqk armn ngain.tzl sec ofmprorblep aedsbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofd.e tg stmqbphnh mxre. vndmby mgooeep to swy v. evb.atheihmx.tacee enslthe t.ousntdplaturxwvhh tkt.
gen: 290 fit: -123 chromo: tojic .c n dsto yk khatdisjzbe queptior.ewhemhez tisn.otler inftye tinzjte sjfwe.orvhe sltngivapzlymxowsxsf o zragetud mqvtunewzdywto paqk armj .gain.tzl sec ofmprorblep aeddbv eiprsiovxend thec.rtofdme tc st qbpxnh mxre. vndmby mwooeep to swy v. evb.q.heihmiftacee enslthe t.ousmtdkkaturxevhh tkn.
gen: 291 fit: -123 chromo: tojgc .c n gzto yk khatdisiyae queitioq.ewhemheq tisn.otler inxtye.tinzmte sjfwe.orvhe sltngivaczl uxowsxsf o zragesud uqytunewzd.wto pqqk armn egain.tzl sec ofmprorblep aedgbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdbe tg stgqbpknh mxre. vndmby meooeep to swy v. evb.atheihmyutacee enslthe t.ousntdplaturxwvhh tkq.
gen: 292 fit: -123 chromo: tojrc .c n vpto yk khatdisiyae quentioq.ewhemhey tisn.otler inxtye.tinzrte sjfwe.orvhe sltngivarzl uxowsxsf o dragesud xqgtunewzdzwto dqqk armn zgain.tzl sec ofmprorblep aedebv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofd e tg stgqbpfnh mxre. vndmby mgooeep to swy v. evb.atheihmrstacee enslthe t.ousntdplaturxwvhh tkx.
gen: 293 fit: -123 chromo: tojtc .c n sdto yk khatdisyzae quevtior.ewhemhet tisn.otler instye tinzate sjfwe.orvhe sltngyvaxrlydxowsxaf o gragesud sqgtuneuzdputo laqk armj ogain.tzl sec ofmprorblep aedobv eiprsiovxend thec.rtofdre tc stxqbkynh mxre. vndmby m poeep to swy v. evb.btheihmgetacee enslthe t.ousmvdrkaturxkvhh tkz.
gen: 294 fit: -122 chromo: tojwc .c n  dto yk khatdisiyce queytioq.ewhemhey tisn.otler instye tinzute sjfwe.orvhe sltngyvaazl.fxowsxsf o dragesud fqatunewzdgwto iaqk armn fgain.tzl sec ofmprorblep aedubv oiprsiovxend thec.rtohdee tg stmqbpknh mxre. vndmby m.ooeep to swy v. evj.btheihmietacef enslthe t.pusptdmlaturxwuhh tkb.
gen: 295 fit: -122 chromo: tojic .c n owto yk khatdisyzae quevtior.ewhemhev tisn.otler in tye tinz te sjfwe.orvhe sltngyvaxrlyoxowsxaf o vragesud pqhtuneuzdzuto qaqk armj igain.tzl sec ofmprorblep aedobv eiprsiovxend thec.rtofdbe tc stkqbkjnh mxre. vndmby mkpoeep to swy v. evb.btheihmcutacee enslthe t.ousmvdgkaturxcvhh tkq.
gen: 296 fit: -122 chromo: tojpc .c n gsto yk khatdisiyae queytior.ewhemhey tisn.otler inxtye tinzute sifwe.orvhe sltngyvabzl.mxowsxsf o zragesud lqstunewzdwwto zaqk armn ggain.tzl sec ofmprorblep aedrbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtohdhe tg stnqbksng mxre. vndmby mjooeep to swy v. evj.atheihmgftacee enslthe ttousptdqlaturxwvhh.tkp.
gen: 297 fit: -122 chromo: tojyc .c n xtto yk khatdisiyae queytior.ewhemhey tisn.otler inxtye tinzkte sifwe.orvhe sltngyvaizl.hxowsxsf o cragesud kq tunewzdwwto zaqk armn egain.tzl sec ofmprorblep aedgbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtohdje tg stoqbkvng mxre. vndmby muooeep to swy v. evj.atheihmmatacee enslthe ttousptdvlaturxwvhh.tky.
gen: 298 fit: -122 chromo: to.mc .c n l to yk  hatdisiyae queytioq.ewhemhez tisn.otler in tye tinzvte sifwe.orvhe sltngyvaprlyxxowsxsf o dragesud cq.tunewzdvxto caqk armn again.tzl sec ofmororblep aedwbv oiprsiovxenc thec.rtofdhe th stbqbpmnh mxre. vndmby mqooeep to sxy v. evj.atheihmxgtacee enslthe t.ousltdmlaturxwvhh.tkt.
gen: 299 fit: -122 chromo: tojjc .c n abto zk khatdisiyae queytior.iwhemhe  tisn.otler in.tye tinzete sjfwe.orvhe sltngyvaazlyvxowsxsf o vragesud bqxtunevzdxwto xaqk armn lgain.tzk sec ofmgrorbleh aedhbv eiprsiovxend thec.rtofdse tc sttqbkynh mxre. vndmby mdpoeep to swy v. evj.btheihmlbtacee enqlthe t.ousnvdpkaturxuvhh.tko.
gen: 300 fit: -122 chromo: tojyc .d n tcto yk khatdisiych queytioq.ewhemheg tisn.otler inttye tinzvte sjfwe.orvhe sltngyvaczl.mxowsxsb o zragetud vqztunewgdrwto maqk armn ggain.tzl sec ofm rorblep aednbv oiprsio.xend thec.rtohdee th stmqbponh mxre. vndmby mbpoeep to swy v. evb.btheihmkltacee enslthe t.ousptdwlaturxwuhh tkz.
gen: 301 fit: -122 chromo: tojkc .c n juto yk khatdisiyae queytior.ewhemhey tisn.otler inxtye tinzkte sifwe.orvhe sltngyvarzl.yxowsxsf o uragesud jqbtunewzdwwto zaqk armn vgain.tzl sec ofmprorblep aedhbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtohdje tg styqbkrng mxre. vndmby mqooeep to swy v. evj.atheihmiqtacee enslthe ttousptdblaturxwvhh.tkx.
gen: 302 fit: -121 chromo: to.ia .c n uwto yo ihatdisiyae queztioq.ewhemhez tisn.otler inrtye tinzite sjfwe.orvhe sltngzhazzlyzxowsxsf o pragesud wqmtunewzdfwto taqk armn lgain.tzl sec ofmgrorrlep aedwbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtohdze tc staqak nh mxre. xndmby x omeep to swy v. evj.btheihucvtacee ens the t.ousotd.laturxuuhh tkw.
gen: 303 fit: -121 chromo: to.ha .c n hrto zk ihatdisizae queytioq.ewhemheg tisn.otler inctye tinzkte sjfwe.prvhe sltngygadzlaxxowsxaf o nragesud nqituneuzdwuto vaq  armn wcain.tzj sec ofmgrorblep aedubv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdhe tc stdqap nh mxre. xndmby mmomeep to swy u. evj.btheihmaptacee ens the t.uusovdzlaturxuuhh tko.
gen: 304 fit: -120 chromo: tojuc .c n .fto yo khatdisiyae quextioq.ewhemhei tisn.otler inhtze tinzpte sjfwe.orvhe sltngivawzlacxowsxcf o  ragesud fqytunewzltuti jaq. armn kgain.tzl sec ofiprordlep aedkbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdue tg styqbk nh more. vndmby  mpoeep to swy v. evj.btheihesztacee ens the t.ouspvdvlaturxouhh tkr.
gen: 305 fit: -120 chromo: tojlc .c n ttto yk khatdiszzie queytioq.mwdemhez tisn.otler inqtze tinzftf sjfwezorvhe sltngqva zlafxowswsf o zragesud irltuneuzd.wto gaqk armn fgain.tzl sec ofmprorblep aedgbv eiprsiovxend thec.rtofdle tc styqbktnh mxre. vndmby mcopeep to swy v. evj.btheihm.ftacee ens the t.ousnrdtlaturxtvhh tkd.
gen: 306 fit: -120 chromo: to.ra .c n shto zk ihatdisizae queytioq.ewhemhem tisn.otler invtye tinzyte sjfwe.prvhe sltngymayzlacxowsxaf o rragesud .qptuneuzduuto raq  armn vcain.tzj sec ofmgrorblep aedtbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdhe tc stoqap nh mxre. xndmby mvomeep to swy u. evj.btheihmbltacee ens the t..usovdtlaturxuuhh tkj.
gen: 307 fit: -120 chromo: to.ua .c n mpto yo ihatdisiyae questioq.ewhemhen tisn.otler inetye tinzlte sjfwe.orvhe sltngzcaezlyfxowsxsf o kragesud bqdtunewzdbwto iaqk armn  gain.tzl sec ofmgrorrlep aednbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtohdve tc stqqak nh mxre. xndmby sxomeep to swy v. evj.btheihhlutacee ens the t.ousotdylaturxuuhh tku.
gen: 308 fit: -120 chromo: tojrc .c n  dto yo khatdisiyae queftioq.ewhemhev tisn.otler inqtze tinz te sjfwe.orvhe sltngivatzlaixowsxcf o eragesud fqutunewzluuti baq. armn fgain.tzl sec ofiprordlep aedbbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdoe tg stdqbk nh mgre. vndmby  apoeep to swy v. evj.btheihebrtacee ens the t.ouspvdvlaturxouhh tk..
gen: 309 fit: -120 chromo: to.va .c n i.to zk khatdiskzae queytioq.ewhemheu tisn.otler invtye tinzpte  lfwe.orvhe sltngyvagzlarwowsxaf o uragesud  qwtuneuzdtwto saqk armn cgain.tzl sec ofmlrorblep aednbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdke tc stbqbk nh mxre. xndmby mbomeep tm swy u. evj.btheihmyptacee ens the ttcusjtdllaturxuvhh tkh.
gen: 310 fit: -120 chromo: to.sa .c n pwto yk ihatdisizae queytioq.ewhemhey tisn.otler inltye timzbte sjfwe.orvhe sltngyvakzlatxowswaf o rragesud fqmtuneuzdhwto caqk armn again.tzj sec ofmprorblep aedybv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdce tc stdqbp nh mxrek vndmby mtooeep to swy v. evj.btheihmvctacae ens the t.eusovdalaturx vhh tkb.
gen: 311 fit: -120 chromo: tojma .c n titp yo ihatdisiyae yuentioq.ewhemheo tisn.otler inntye tinzpte sjfwe.orvhe sldngyvakylawxowsxcf o.lragesud uqptuneuzdywto raq. armn kgain.tzl sec ofmgrordlep aedrbv oiprsiovxefd thec.rtofdje tg stkqbk nh mvre. xndmby qghmeep to swy v. evj.btheiheputacee ens the t.ousotdhlaturxouhh tkz.
gen: 312 fit: -120 chromo: tonza .c n owto yo khatdisiyae queutioq.fwhemhey tisn.otler in tze tinzete sjfwe.orvhe sltngiwatzlabxowsxaf o drawesud eqetunewzlzuto  aq. armn fgain.tzl sed ofmproralep aedgbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdee tg stsqak np mmre. vndmby capmeep to swy v. evj.btheihekqtacee ens the t.ousovd.laturxouhh tkw.
gen: 313 fit: -120 chromo: to.ga .c n rvto zk khatdisiybe queztioq.ewhemgeq tisn.otler inwtye tinzxte sifwe.orvhe sltngyoaizlapxowsxaf o.iragesud lqetunewzdquto maqk armn igain.tzl sec ofigrkrblep aedabv oiprsiovxend thec.rtohdse tc stgqak nh mxre. vndmby r omeep to swy u. evj.btheihvkytaceelens the t.ousptdtlaturvouhh tke.
gen: 314 fit: -120 chromo: tojta .c n avto zo ihatdisizae queytior.ewhemhey tisn.otler in.tye tinzhte sjfwe.orvhe sltngyvatrla xowsxaf o cragesud gqetuneuzdsuto aaqk armj ogain.tzj sek ofigrorblel aedpbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofd.e tg staqbk nh mxre. vndmby lbpoeep to say v. evj.btheihmfbtacee ens thu t.ousntdplaturxduhh .kh.
gen: 315 fit: -120 chromo: tojaa .c n hwto zo ihatdisizae queytior.ewhemhey tisn.otler inntye tinzhte sjfwe.orvhe sltngyva.fla.xowsxaf o cragesud jqituneuzdwuto jaqk armj zgain.tzj sek ofigrorblel aedpbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdte tg sttqbk nh mxre. vndmby tcpoeep to sty v. evj.btheihmw.tacee ens thu t.ousntdplaturxruhh .k .
gen: 316 fit: -120 chromo: tojaa .c n pito zo ihatdisizae queytioz.ewhemhey tisn.otler in.tye tinzzte.sjfwe.orvhe sltngyvarflabxowsxaf o fragesud bqptuneuzdhuto .aqk armj ogain.tzj sek ofigrorblel aedpbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdye tg steqbk nh mxre. vndmby y poeep to suy v. evj.btheihmaktacee ens thu t.ousntdplaturxwuhh .kp.
gen: 317 fit: -119 chromo: tojla  c n szto zo ihatdisiyae queftioq.ewhemhey tisn.otler inptye tinzste sjfwe.orvhe sltngyvaoapaixowsxaf osfragesud nqftunewzdfuto oaq. armn xgain.tzj sec ofmprorblep aedrbv ojprsiovxend thec.rtofdze tg stdqbk nh mxre. vndmby kaoouep to swy v. evj.btheihevgtacee ens the t.ousptdulaturxouhh tkc.
gen: 318 fit: -119 chromo: to.ma  c n vyto yo khatdisiyae queltior.ewhemhei tisn.otler indtye tinzxte slfwe.orvhe sltngina.zlyawowsxcf o gragesul uqqtunewzdkwto qaqk armn vgain.tzj sea ofmgrorblep aeddbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdyu tc steqbk nh mxre. undmby deomeep to swy u. evj.btheihzwytacee en  the t.ousptdtlaturvouhh tkf.
gen: 319 fit: -119 chromo: tojga .c n .hto zk ihatdisibae queytior.ewhemhew tisn.otler inztye tinzvte sjfwe.ozvhe sltngyvaihlafxowsxaf o .ragesud zqdtuneuzdxuto oaqk armn hgain.tzj sec ofiprorblep aedpbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdfe tg stsqbk nh mxre. vndmby tcooeep to swy v. evj.btheihebqtecee ens the t.ouspvdqlaturxmuhh tkx.
gen: 320 fit: -119 chromo: to.na  c n moto zk ihatdisiyae queytior.ewhemhez tisn.otler indtye tinzexe slfwe.ozvhe sltnginaeflyaxowsxaf o .ragesul hq.tunewzdvuto haqk armn xgain.tzj sea ofmgrorblep aedobv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdge tc styqbk nh mxre. undmby rvomeep to swy v. evj.btheihecytacee ens the t.ousptdilaturv uhh tka.
gen: 321 fit: -119 chromo: tojea .c n lqto zk ihatdisijae queytior.ewhemhez tisn.otler inctye dinz.te sjfse.ozvhe sltngyvahvlahxowsxaf o rragesud .qvtuneuzdauto .aqk armn vgain.tzj sec ofiprorblep aedpbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdue tg stvqbk nh mxre. vndmby otooeep to swy v. evj.btheihesitecee ens the t.ouspvdrlaturx.uhh tkr.
gen: 322 fit: -119 chromo: to.gc  c n qoto y  khatdisizae que.tior.ewhemhew tisn.otler ingtze xinzbte sjfwetorvhe sldngivaoclavxowsxcf oswragewud xq.suneuzdquto yaq. armn tgain.tzj sea ofmgrorblep aedgbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdwe tg st qbk nf mzre. vndmby mpopeep to swy u. evj.btheihcgxtacee ens the trousptdplaturxwwhh tkk.
gen: 323 fit: -119 chromo: tojta  c n nwto zk  hatdisiyae queytior.ewhemhee tisn.otler inotye tinztte slfwe.orvhe sltngymalrlarwowsxcf o tragesul gqbtuneuzdcuto fas. armn xgain.tzj sea ofigrorblep aedjbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdte tg st qbk nh mxre. undmby xbomeep to swy f. evj.atheihmsjtadee ens the t.ousptdclaturvruhh .kx.
gen: 324 fit: -118 chromo: tojha  c n atto zk  hatdisiyae queytior.ewhemhey tisn.otler indtye tinztte slfwe.orvhe sltngycakrlamwowsxcf o hragesul qqmtuneuzdguto was. armn zgain.tzj sea ofigrorblep aedsbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdoe tg stqqbk nh mxre. undmby lhomeep to swy f. evj.atheihmtktadee ens the t.ousptd laturvquhh .kz.
gen: 325 fit: -118 chromo: to.ba  c n pmto zk ihatdisiyae queytior.ewhemhey tisn.otlmr invtye tinzote slfwe.mzvhe slrngivafslagxowsxaf o iragesul pqhtunewzlxxto caqk armn dgain.tzj sea ofmgrorbleh aedfbi oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdje th stnqbk nh m.re. undmby dwomeep to swy v. eun.ftheihelstacee en  the t.ousptdqlaturx uhh tkq.
gen: 326 fit: -118 chromo: tojya .c n g to zk  hatdisinae queytior.ewhemhea tisn.otler inatye tinzpte slfwe.orvhe sltngycarrlalxowsxcf o gragesul qqttuneuzdquto ias. armn wgain.tzj sek ofigrorblep aedqbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdje tg ssdqbk nh mxre. undmby edopeep to swy v. evj.atheihetbtacee ens the t.ouspvdnlasurvouhh xk .
gen: 327 fit: -118 chromo: to.ta  c n ybto zk ihatdisiyae queytior.ewhemhey tisn.otlmr inctye tinznte slfwe.mzvhe slrngi a .laxxowsxaf o zragesul kq.tunewzl xto faqk armn ngain.tzj sea ofmgrorbleh aedeb. oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdie th stzqbk nh mxre. undmby otomeep to swy v. eun.ftheihenttacee en  the t.ousptdylaturxwuhh tk .
gen: 328 fit: -117 chromo: tojha  d n pnto zk  hatdisiyae queytioq.ewhenheo disn.otler instye tinzmte sjfwe.ozvhe slsngjvaqmlaixowsxae o vragesud xqatuneuybguto  aq. armn zgain.tzj sea ofigrorblep aedybv oiprsiovwend thec.rtofdxe tg ssvqbk nh mxre. vndmby buomeep to spy v. evj.atheihehltacee ens the t.ousptdslaturxovhh .ka.
gen: 329 fit: -117 chromo: tojwa  c n gbto zk ihatdisizae quehtior.ewhemhey tisn.otler inktye tinzwte slfwe.ozvhe sltngivabclaixowsxaf osxragesud vqgtunewzcluto jaqk armn  gain.tzj sea ofmgrorblep aedwbv oklqsiovxend thec.rtofdje tg stjqbk nh mare. vndmby jpooeep to swy v. evj.btheihejutacee ens the t.ousptdzlaturxwuhh .ka.
gen: 330 fit: -117 chromo: toj.a  c n kgto zk ihatdisizae quewtior.ewhemhey tisn.otler inbtye tinzite slfwe.ozvhe sltngiva.rlaixowsxaf ossragesud vqetunewzckuto uaqk armn dgain.tzj sea ofmgrorblep aedabv oklqsiovxend thec.rtofdce tg stwqbk nh mwre. vndmby npooeep to swy v. evj.btheihetftacee ens the t.ousptdblaturxnuhh .ks.
gen: 331 fit: -117 chromo: tojra  k n evto zo ihatdisiyae que tior.ewhemhey tisn.otler inhtye tinzste slfwe.oz he sltngyvaqlla wowsxaf oswragesud vqhtuneezcuuto gaq. armn zgain.tzi sea ofmgrorblep aedxbv oiprsiouwend thec.rtofdde tg stwqbk nh mxre. vndmby thomeep to swy v. evj.btheihebvtadee ens thu t.ousptd katurvovhh .kf.
gen: 332 fit: -117 chromo: to.ga .c n ckto zk ihatdisiyae queetior.ewhenhey tisn.otler inutye tinzqte sjfwe.orvhe sl.ngivamrlavxowsxaf o.xragesud asvtunewzctutoydaqk armn jgain.tzj tea ofygrorblep aedsbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdze tg sthqbk nh mxre. vndmby ojooeep to swy v. evj.ftheihemptecee ens thu t.ousptdblatuqvkuhh wkz.
gen: 333 fit: -116 chromo: to. a .d n kwto zk ihatdisizae quettior.ewhemhey tisn.otler in.tye tinz.te slfwe.orvhe sl.ngivavslalxowsxaf oswragesul ismtuneuzcyuto haq. armn jgain.trj sea ofmgrorblep aedpbv oipqsipvxend thec.rtofdie tg sx qbk nh mxre. undmby qzooeep to swy v. evj.btheihesltacee ens the t.ousptdklaturvovhh .kq.
gen: 334 fit: -116 chromo: tojfb  k n bzto zo ihatdisizae queetior.fwhemhey tism.otler inftye tinzdte slfwe.orvhe sltngiva.flachowsxaf oseragesud lqptuneuzcsuto vask armn fgain.tzj sea ofmgrorblep aed bu okpqsiovxend thec.rtofdue tg stlqbk nh mxre. vndmby rsooeep to swy v. evj.btheihel.tacee ens thu t.ousptcjlaturxovhh .kr.
gen: 335 fit: -116 chromo: to.fa  c n   to zk ihatdisizae queqtior.ewhemhey tisn.otler inbtye tinz te slfwe.orvhe sl.ngivaw.lafxowsxaf osuragesud tsgtunewzcyuto iaq. armn xgain.trj sea ofmgrorblep aedgbv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdbe tg sxnqbk nh mxre. vndmby cpooeep to swy v. evj.btheiheaxtacae ens thu t.ousptdukaturvouhh wkx.
gen: 336 fit: -116 chromo: to fa .d n qnto zk ihatdisizae questior.ewhemhey tisn.otler ingtye tinzfte slfwe.orvhe sl.ngivagglizxowsxaf oshragesul ssytuneuzcbuto .aq. armn ogain.trj sea ofmgrorblep aedrbv oipqsipvxend thec.rtofdte tg sx qbk nh mxre. undmby rnooeep to swy v. ewj.btheihemztacee ens the t.ousptd.laturvovhh .ke.
gen: 337 fit: -116 chromo: to ia  c n wkto zk ihatdisizae quektior.ewheehey tism.otler inztye tinz.te sjfwe.orvhe sltngieamklixxowsxaf osoragesul nsjtuneuzcputo vaqk armn ngain.trj sea ofmgrorblep aedbbu okprsipvxend.thec.rtofdoe tc stlqbk nh mxre. vndmby csomeep to swy v. euj.btheihexatacee en  the t.ouswtdglaturxouhhytkq.
gen: 338 fit: -116 chromo: to.qa  c n iito zk ihatdisizae quectior.ewhemhey tisn.otler in tye tinzztg slfwe.orvhe sl.ngivatwlatxowsxaf osmragesud nsxtunewzczuto paq. armn tgain.trj sea ofmgrorblep aedwbv oipqsiovxend thec.rtohd.e tg sxsqbk nh mxre. vndmby n ooeep to swy v. evj.btheihecmtacae ens thu t.ousptdjkaturvouhp wkp.
gen: 339 fit: -116 chromo: to ya  k n r to zk ihatdisizae quewtior.ewhemhey tisn.otler inotye tinzbte slfwe.ozvhe sltfgivaatla.xowsxaf oscragesud vsptuneuzccuto xaqk armn qgain.tjj sea ofmgrorblep aedfbv oipqsipvxend thec.rtofd e tg sthqbk nh mxre. undmby mgooeep to swy v. evj.btheiheuktacee ens the t.ousptdrlaturvouhh .ko.
gen: 340 fit: -116 chromo: to.ra .d n igto zk ihatdisizae quentior.ewhemhey tisn.otler inptye tinzzte slfwe.orvhe sl.ngivayhlajxowsxaf osvragesul tsftuneuzcuuto waq  armn again.tqj sea ofmgrorblep aedlbv oipqsipvxend thec.rtofdoe tg stssbk nh mxre. undmby spooeep to swy v. evj.btheihe.atacee ens the t.olsptdolaturvovhh .kp.
gen: 341 fit: -115 chromo: to aa  c n kpto zk ihatdisizae queytior.ewhemhey tisn.otler instye tinzdte slfwe.ozvhe sltngyvalrlaywowsxcf o.hragesul vuotunewzcbuto jau. arnn egain.tij sea ofmgrorblep aedubv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdge tg sthqbk nh mxre. vndmby khomeep to swy v. evj.btheiheuxtacee ens the t.ousptd latqrvouhhy.km.
gen: 342 fit: -115 chromo: to qa  d n gbto zk ihatdisizae quedtior.ewhemhey tisn.otler instye tinzstekslfwe.orvhe sl.ngivagplacwowsxaf os.ragesul asntuneuzdvuto saq. armn .gain.tjj sea ofmgrorblep aedqbv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofd e tg stmqbk nh mxrf. undmby yeooeep to swy v. evj.btheiheswtacee ens the t.ousptdylaturvovhh .kc.
gen: 343 fit: -115 chromo: to ka  d n lzto zk ihatdisizae quektior.ewhemhey tisn.otler inttye tinz.tekslfwe.orvhe sl.ngivam lagwowsxaf osvragesul lsftuneuzdyuto  aq. armn vgain.tjj sea ofmgrorblep aedrbv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdqe tg staqbk nh mxrf. undmby qfooeep to swy v. evj.btheiheootacee ens the t.ousptdqlaturvovhh .ko.
gen: 344 fit: -115 chromo: to ma  c n ilto zk ihatdisizae queltior.ewhemhey tisn.otler instye tinztte slfwe.ozvhe sltngyvahblavwowsxcf o.mragesul vurtunewzcbuto xau. arnn .gain.tij sea ofmgrorblep aedibv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdte tg stuqbk nh mxre. vndmby ptomeep to swy v. evj.btheihepptacee ens the t.ousptd latqrvouhhy.kn.
gen: 345 fit: -115 chromo: to ya  d n kkto zk ihatdisizae queotior.ewhemhey tisn.otler indtye tinzvte slfwe.ozuhe sl.ngyvabclajxowsxcf o.aragesud vuetunewzdzuto vau. arnn rgain.tjj sea ofmgrovblep aedsbv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofd.e tg stkqbk hh mxre. undmby bxxmeep to swy vl evj.btheihexitacee ens the t.ouspdd laturxouhh .kx.
gen: 346 fit: -115 chromo: to da  k n aato zl ihatdisizae quextior.ewhemhey tisn.otler invtye tinzyta slfwe.ozvhe sltngivao.lauxowsxcf o.mragesud vswtunevzcouto waqk armn sgain.tjj sea ofngrorblep aednbv oipqsipvxend thec.rtofdme tg steqbk nh mxre. undmby adpoeep to swy vz evj.btheihebktacee ens the t.ousptdtlaturvouhh .kg.
gen: 347 fit: -115 chromo: to xa  c n zwto zk ihatdisizae quevtior.fwhemhey tisn.otler inftye tinzstawslfwe.ozvhe sl.ngivasulakxowsxcf o..ragesud vsctunewzcnuto taqk armn ggain.tjj sea ofngrorblep aed bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdge tg stvqbk nh mxre. undmby .tooeep to swy vy erj.btheihexctacee ens the t.ouswtd laturvodhh .kn.
gen: 348 fit: -115 chromo: to ia  c n rdto zk ihatdisizae queztior.fwhemhey tisn.otler in tye tinzjtayslfwe.ozvhe sl.ngivahjlaixowsxcf o.mragesud vsltunewzcjuto caqk armn bgain.tjj sea ofngrorblep aedfbv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdce tg stfqbk nh mxre. undmby fkooeep to swy vn erj.btheiheehtacee ens the t.ousatd laturvodhh .ky.
gen: 349 fit: -115 chromo: to da  c n ento zk ihatdisizae quextior.fwhemhey tisn.otler inrtye tinzltamslfwe.ozvhe sl.ngivahelamxowsxcf o.bragesud vsctunewzcjuto kaqk armn again.tjj sea ofngrorblep aedlbv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdue tg sthqbk nh mxre. undmby a ooeep to swy vb erj.btheiheaitacee ens the t.ousttd laturvoqhh .ka.
gen: 350 fit: -113 chromo: to da  c n dito zk ihatdisizae quedtior.fwhemhey tisn.otler inqtye tinz.tafslfwe.ozvhe sl.ngivacmlacxowsxcf o.qragesud vsitunewzcsuto haqk armn wgain.tjj sea ofngrorblep aeddbv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdoe tg strqbk nh mxre. undmby mpooeep to swy vg erj.btheiheh.tacee ens the t.ousitd laturvofhh .kt.
gen: 351 fit: -113 chromo: to fa  k n euto ck ihatdisizae quektior.ewhemhey tisn.otler indtye tinz te slfwe.ozvhe sl.ngivawulabxowsxcf osoragesud vsctuneuzctuto xaq. armn igain.tjj sea ofngrorblep aedrbv oipqsipvxend thec.rtofdee tg stuqbk nh mxre. undmby fxpoeep to swy ve evj.btheiheowtacee ens the t.ousptdilaturvouhh .kj.
gen: 352 fit: -113 chromo: to ia  c n trto zk ihatdisizae queltior.fwhemhey tisn.otler invtye tinzute slfwe.ozvhe slsngivaimlanwowsxcf m.tragesud vsytuneuzciuto maq. armn igain.tjj sea ofngrorblen aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdse tg st.qbk nh mxre. undmby wuooeep to ssy v. evj.btheihebatacee enc the t.ouspdd laturvowhhy.ka.
gen: 353 fit: -113 chromo: to pa  k n tdto zk bhatdisizee queztior.fwhemhey tisj.otler ingtye tinzxte slfwe.ozuhe sltngivaf.la xowsxcf o.cragesud vsqtunevzcruto yauk armn cgain.tjj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdde tg stuqbk nh mxre. undmby ciomeep to swy vb evj.btheihequtacee ens the t.ouspddflaturvoahhq.kk.
gen: 354 fit: -113 chromo: to ya  c n xmto zk ihassisizae queptior.fwhemhey tisn.otler inltye tin.hte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngyvaidlayxowsxcf o.xragesul vuatuneuzdluto qauk armn zgain.tjj sea ofngrorblen aed.bv ompqsiovxend thec.rtofdwe to s. qbk nh mxre. undmby jxooeep to swy v. erj.btheiheputacee ens the t.oesptd katurvoqhh  kl.
gen: 355 fit: -113 chromo: to za  c n cdto zk ihatdisizae queitior.ewhemhey tisn.otler initye tinzote slfwe.ozvhe sl.ngiva plaiwowsxcf o.rragesud vuztunewzcluto uauk armn  gain.tjj sea ofmgrorblen aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdge tg stxqbk nh mwre. undmby .hooeep to swy v. erj.ftheihezrtacee enc the t.ousptd laturvoqhh .ki.
gen: 356 fit: -113 chromo: to wa  c n ftto zk ihatdisizae quectior.fwhemhey tisn.otler inctye tinzctaoslfwe.ozvhe sl.ngivaiwlapxowsxcf o.oragesud vsltunewzcwuto zaqk armn zgain.tjj sea ofngrorblep aedmbv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdme tg stvqbk nh mxre. undmby heooeep to swy vw erj.btheihedttacee ens the t.ousutd laturvodhh .kq.
gen: 357 fit: -113 chromo: to ca  l n foto ik ihatdisizae quemtior.ewhemhey tisn.otler inwtye tinzmte slfwe.ozvhe sltngivazdlatxowsxcf oskragesud vsytunevzcfuto laq. armn igain.tjj sea ofngrorblep aedfbv oipqsipvxend thec.rtofdme tg stoqbk nh mxre. undmby edpmeep to swy vy evj.btheihe.ltacee ens the t.ousptdflaturvouhh .kw.
gen: 358 fit: -113 chromo: to aa  c n djto zk ihatdisizae quertiov.fwhemhey tisn.otler initye tinzite slfwe.ozvhe sl ngirasbla wowsxcf o.mragetud vextunewzcruto zauk armn vgain.tjj sea ofmgrorblen aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdee tg sthqbk nh mwre. undmby .tooeep to swy v. evj.btheiheemtacee ens the t.ouspdd laturvoqhh .kq.
gen: 359 fit: -113 chromo: to za  c n puto zk ihasdisizbe queutior.fwhemhey tisn.otler inqtye tinzuta spfwe.ozvhe sl.ngyvaynlaxxowsxcf o.bragesul fsatunewzcduto maqk armn mgaim.tzj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv ompqsiovxend thec.rtofdwe tg stcqbk nh mxre. undmby uiooeep to swy v  erj.btheihe.ytacee ens the t.ousatd katurvohhh  ka.
gen: 360 fit: -113 chromo: to ya  c n apto zk ihatsisizae questior.fwhemhey tisn.otler inztye tinzvte slfwe.orvhe sl.ngivawwlatwowsxaf ozxragesud vumtuneuzdruto nauk armn wgain.tjj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oiprsiovxend thec.ztofdbe to s.fqbk nh mxre. undmby i.ooeep to swy v. evj.btheihepstacee ens the t.oesptd laturvolhh .kn.
gen: 361 fit: -113 chromo: to la  k n y to zk ihatdisizae queftior.fwhemhey tisn.otler inbtye tinzuteoslfwe.ozvhe sl.ngiva.xlaxsowsxcf o.pragesud fsbtunewzcmuto oaq. armn ogain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofd e tg sttqbk nh mxre. undmby rxooeep to swy vg eri.btheihecutacee ens the t.ousntd laturvoshh .kg.
gen: 362 fit: -113 chromo: to ya  c n clto zk ihatsisizae queotiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inwtye tinzgte slfwe orvhe sl.ngivafslaywowsxcf oznragesud vuotunevzcfuto daqk armn vgain.tjj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdae to stkqbk nh mxre. undmby kkooeep to swy v. evj.btheihewjtacee ens the t.ousptd katurvodhh .ka.
gen: 363 fit: -113 chromo: to da  k n zato zk ihatsisizae questiov.fwhemhey tisn.otler initye dinzdtepslfwe.ozrhe sl.ngivavtlazsowsxcf o brbgesud fuvtunewzcjuto uaql armnsggain.tjj sea ofngrorblen aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdwe tg stoqbk nh mxre. undmby buooeep to swy ve evi.btheihepxtacee ens the t.ousftd laturuouhh .ke.
gen: 364 fit: -113 chromo: to ia  c n qito zk ihatsisizae queutiov.fwhemhey tisn.otler ingtye tinzcta slfwe.ozvhe sl.ngyva llaoxowsxcf o.gragesud vuituneuzcluto eaqk armn mgain.tjj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv omprsiovxend thea.rtovdbe tg stmybk nh mwre.sundmby ffpoeep to swy v. evi.btheihezftacee ens the t.ousntd laturuophh .kp.
gen: 365 fit: -113 chromo: to ga  c n fhto zk ihatsisizae quevtiov.fwhemhey tisn.otler inutye tinzcta slfwe.ozvhe sl ngivahrlacxowsxcf o.vragetud vuftunewzdluto nauk armn ngain.tjj sea ofmgrorblep aedtbv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdhe to stkqbk nh mwre. undmby eoooeep to swy v. evj.btheihepltacee ens the t.ousntd katurvodhh .kt.
gen: 366 fit: -113 chromo: to sa  c n uyto zk ihatsisizae questiov.fwhemhey tisn.otler inptye tinzfta slfwe.ozvhe sl ngivaczlaexowsxcf o.fragetud vuktunewzdjuto bauk armn igain.tjj sea ofmgrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdhe to stfqbk nh mwre. undmby apooeep to swy v. evj.btheiheyctacee ens the t.ousntd katurvolhh .k .
gen: 367 fit: -113 chromo: to ya  c n fsto zk ihatdisizae queptiov.fwhemhey tisn.otler inotqe tinzite slfwe ozrhe sl.ngyvaoklabxowsxcf osbragesud veitunevzctuto nau. armn kgain.tjj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdje to stqqbk nh mxre. undiby dhpoeep to swy vx evi.btheihewhtacee ens the t.ousptd laturuoghh  kd.
gen: 368 fit: -112 chromo: to ba  c n lsto zk ihatsisizae queqtiov.fwhemhe  tisn.otler in tye tinztte slfwe.ozrhe sl.ngyvaawlatxowsxcf osuragetud vu.tunewzdbuto haqk armn igain.tjz sea ofngrorblep aedcbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdve to stvqbk nh mxre. undmby uypoeep to swy vp evi.btheihetbtacee ens the t.ous.td laturvouhh .ki.
gen: 369 fit: -112 chromo: to ba  c n foto zk ihatdisizae queftiov.fwhemhey tisn.otler inqtqe tinzxte slfwe ozrhe sl.ngyvaiflabxowsxcf osfragesud veqtunevzcfuto mau. armn pgain.tjj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdxe to stiqbk nh mxre. undiby prpoeep to swy vp evi.btheihetltacee ens the t.ousctd laturuoihh  kc.
gen: 370 fit: -112 chromo: to da  k n .ito zk khatsisizae queytiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inftye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe s..ngivaj laksowsxcf o.iragesud fugtunevzcmuto daqk armn zgain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdbe to stxqbk nh mxre. unbmby nwooeep to swy v. erj.btheihervtacee fns the t.ousptd laturvomhh .kj.
gen: 371 fit: -112 chromo: to  a  k n d.to zk khat isizae quemtiot.fghemhey tisntotler inxtye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngivavhlamsowsxcf o.oragesud fuitunevzctuto eeqk armn zgain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdte to staqbk nh mxre. undmby kpooeep to swy v. erj.btheihelgtacee fns the t.ousptd laturvolhh .kc.
gen: 372 fit: -112 chromo: to la  k n y.to zk khatsisizae queutyot.fwhemhey tisntotler inktye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngyvajwlaysowsxcf o.xragesud fustunewzcruto saqk armn tgain.tmj sea ofmgrorblep aed.bv ompqsiovxend thec.rtofdpe to stqqbk nh mxre. undmby ztooeep to swy v  evj.btheihenltacee fns the t.ousntd laturvodhh .ku.
gen: 373 fit: -112 chromo: to aa  k n wuto zk khat isizae que tiot.fghemhey tisntotler inutye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngiva.elassowsxcf o.qragesud fudtunevzcquto waqk armm sgain.tjj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdle to st.qbk nh mxre. undmby ntooeep to swy v. erj.btheihepftacee ens the t.ousptd katurvoghh .kx.
gen: 374 fit: -112 chromo: to ha  k n sqto zk khatsisizae queftiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inztye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngivad ladsowsxcf o.zragesud fuctunevzcsuto yaqk armn kgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdce to stvqbk nh mxre. undmby ozooeep to swy v. erj.btheihe  tacee ffs the t.ousptd laturvo hh .k..
gen: 375 fit: -111 chromo: to re  k n wkto zk khat isizae queltiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inktye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngiva.dla.sowsxcf o.xragewud fuztunevzccuto gaqk armm mgain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofd e to ssrqbk nh mxre. undmby gtooeep to swy v. erj.btheihelxtacee ens the t.ousptd laturvoxhh .kw.
gen: 376 fit: -111 chromo: to we  k n wgto zk khat isizae queltiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inmtye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngiva..lapsowsxcf o.uragewud fuptunevzcyuto gaqk armm vgain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdne to sszqbk nh mxre. undmby vjooeep to swy v. erj.btheihezztacee ens the t.ousptd laturvoghh .kl.
gen: 377 fit: -111 chromo: to ae  k n wwto zk khat isizae quextiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inatye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngiva.plapsowsxcf o.nragewud fu tunevzcguto taqk armm tgain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdpe to ss qbk nh mxre. undmby mjooeep to swy v. erj.btheihewgtacee ens the t.ousptd laturvoahh .kb.
gen: 378 fit: -111 chromo: to ee  k n cnto zk lhat isizee quectiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inqtye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngyva.sla.sowsxcf ozbragewud fuptunevzc.uto saqk armn zgain.tjn sea ofmgrorblep aedsbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdle ro ssqqbk nh mxre. undmby jsooeep to swy v. evj.btheiheurtacee ens the t.ousptd laturvolhh .k .
gen: 379 fit: -111 chromo: to he  k n wdto zk khat isizae queytiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inhtye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngiva.nlaisowsxcf o.zragewud fugtunevzctuto waqk armm ngain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdje to ssgqbk nh mxre. undmby mcooeep to swy v. erj.btheihegltacee ens the t.ousptd laturvozhh .kb.
gen: 380 fit: -111 chromo: to la  c n h to zk lhatsisizae questiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inotye tinzete slfwe ozvhe sl ngycauvlafhowshcf o.cragesud fuatunevzcauto  aqk armn ogain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aad.bv ompqsiovxend thec.rtoedze to stvqbk nh mxre. undmby g ooeep to swy f. evj.btheihermtacee fns the t.ousptd katurupvhh .kz.
gen: 381 fit: -111 chromo: to be  k n ulto zk khat isjzae que.tiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inqtye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngyvaejlaesowshcf o.fragewud fuptunevzcguto  auk armn mgain.tjn sea ofmgrorblep amdjbv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdge ro sszqbk nh mxre. undmby twooeep to swy v. evj.btheihe.ntacee fns the t.ousltd laturvoyhh .ks.
gen: 382 fit: -110 chromo: to xe  k n w to zk khat isizae queztios.fwhemhey tisntotler inatye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngiva.vlahsowswcf o.wragewud fuxtunevzcwuto eaqk armm xgain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdpe to sscqbk nh mxre. undmby vrooeep to swy v. erj.btheihe qtacee ens the t.ousptd laturvgohh .kc.
gen: 383 fit: -110 chromo: to ve  k n wsto zk khat isizae queotiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inbtye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngiva.mla sowsxcf o.dragewud fudtunevzctuto taqk armm ygain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdme to ssjqbk nh mtre. undmby mmooeep to swy v. erj.btheiheuhtacee ens the t.ousptd laturvoqhh .ku.
gen: 384 fit: -110 chromo: to le  k n wyto zk khat isizae quettios.fwhemhey tisntotler inytye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngiva.jlawsowswcf o.qragewud fuhtunevzcyuto caqk armm ugain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipvsiovxend thec.rtofdre to ssnqbk nh mxre. undmby xlooeep to swy v. erj.btheiheastacee ens the t.ousptd laturvgihh .kb.
gen: 385 fit: -110 chromo: to ce  k n wfto zk khat isizae queatiot.fwhemhey tisntotler jnytye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngyva.qladsowsxcf o.jragewud fustunevzcxuto oaqk armn mgain tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdhe to ssqqbk nh mxre. undmby btooeep to swy v. erj.atheiheqltacee ens the t.ousptd laturvpvhhs.ku.
gen: 386 fit: -110 chromo: to ue  k n wvto zk khat isizae queltiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inytye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngiva.glaysowsxcf o. ragewud fuptunevzcnuto saqk armm egain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdie to ssgqbk nh mxre. undmby yzooeep to swy v. erj.btheiheeetacee ens the t.ousptd laturvoqhh .kn.
gen: 387 fit: -110 chromo: to qe  k n w to rk lhat isizae queltiot.fwhemhey tisntotler in.tye tinzrte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngiva.tlalsowswcf o.fragewud fuwtunevzcfuto raqk armm mgain.tjj sea ofsgrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdke to ssqqbk nh mxre. undmby gwooeep to swy v. evj.btheihenltacee ens the t.ouwptd laturvokhh .kg.
gen: 388 fit: -110 chromo: to le  k n wato zk lhat isizae quemtiot.bwhemhey tisntotler invtye tinzr.e slfwe ozvhe sl.ngiva.jlavsowswcf o.lragewud fuztunevzctuto faqk armm bgcin.tjj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdce to ss qbk nh mxre. undmby ftooeep to swy vt evj.atheiheuwtacee ens the t.ousptd laturvphhh .kz.
gen: 389 fit: -110 chromo: to ae  k n wzto zk khat isizae quettiot.fwhemhey tisntotler instye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngkva.klapsowsxcf o.prcgewud fuwtunevzc.uto naqk armm  gain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdze to ssuqrk nh mxre. undmby ayooeep to swy v. erj.btheihexftacee ens the t.ousotd laturvo.hh .kb.
gen: 390 fit: -110 chromo: to .e  k n wpto zo khat isizae que.tiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inktye tinzvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.qlavsowsxcf o.dragewud fujtunevzciuto  aqk armm kgain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdye to ssdqbk nh mxre. undmby .tooeep to swy v. erj.atheihe.ftacee ens the t.ousptd laturvpthhs.kg.
gen: 391 fit: -110 chromo: to je  k n woto zk khat isizae queutiot.fwhemgey tisntotler inutye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngiva.ilarsowsxcf o.cragewud fuptunevzcnuto haqk armm pgain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdie to sslqbk nh mxre. undmby lzooeep to swy v. erj.btheiheootacee ens the t.ousptd laturvonhh .kl.
gen: 392 fit: -110 chromo: to se  k n wmto zk khat isizae quemtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngiva.tladsowsxcf o.pragewud fuvtunevzcmuto gaqk armm cgain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdve to ssmrbk nh mxre. undmby siooeep to swy v. erj.btheaheektagee ens the t.ousptd laturvouhh .kb.
gen: 393 fit: -110 chromo: to ge  k n wvto zo khat isizae queftiot.fwhemhej tisntorler in.tye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngiqa.mla.sowsxcfko. ragewud fuvtunevncnuto zaqk armm zgain.tmj sea ofngrorblep amd.bv oipqsiovxend thed.rtofdbeyto ss.qbk nh mxre. undmby xbooeep to swy u. erj.btheihevutacee ens the t.ousotd laturvouhh .ks.
gen: 394 fit: -110 chromo: to je  k n wnto zo khat isizae que tiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inztye tinzvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.ylalsowsxcf o..ragewud funtuneuzcauto uaqk armm ogain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdze to sqcqbk nh mxre. undmby obooeep to swy v. erj.atheihejhtacee ens the t.ousptd laturvpuhhs.ke.
gen: 395 fit: -110 chromo: to fe  k n wuto zo khat isizae queutiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inmtye tinzvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.klajsowsxcf o.rragewud fuztunevzseuto faqk armm cgain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdae to sq.qbk nh mxre. vndmby hmooeep to ssy v. erj.atheiheq tacee ens the t.ouspsd laturvpwhh .k..
gen: 396 fit: -110 chromo: to  e  k n wqto zo khat isizae queztiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inltye tinzvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.olalsowsxcf o.zragewud fuitunevzsputo gaqk armm tgain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdae to sqhqbk nh mxre. vndmby qoooeep to ssy v. erj.atheihecftacee ens the t.ouspsd laturvpmhh .kc.
gen: 397 fit: -110 chromo: to qe  k n wrto zk khat isirae quertiot.fwhemhey tisnto.ler inatye tinzvte slfwe ozvge sl.ngiva.mlazsowsxcf o.sragewud fumtunevzdtuto qaqk armm ygain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofd.e to ssaqbk nh mxre. undmby qfooeep to swy v. erj.btheiheavtacee ens .he t.ousptd laturvpxhhs.kl.
gen: 398 fit: -110 chromo: to te  k n wbto zo khat isizae queptiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inrtye tinzvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.qlausowsxcf o.lragewud fustunevzsduto laqk armm again.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofd e to sqtqbk nh mxre. vndmby w ooeep to ssy v. erj.atheiheurtacee ens the t.ouspsd laturvpkhh .kz.
gen: 399 fit: -110 chromo: to ue  k n wrto jk khat isizae queptiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inbtzettinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngiva.olaysowsxcf o.vragewud fugtunevzcguto eaqk armm .gain.tmj sea ofmgrorblep aed.bv oipqsimvqend thec.ttofdue to ss.qbk nh mxre. undmby .vooeep to swy u. erj.atheihecstacee ens the t.ousptd laturvpkhh .kk.
gen: 400 fit: -110 chromo: to ye  k n whso zo khat isizae queutiot.fwhemgey tisntotler in tye sinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngiva.hlafsowswcf o.uragewud fu.tuneuzcmuto yaqk armm zgain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipasiovxend thec.rtofdse to sscqbk nh mxre. vndmby dxooeep to swy v. erj.atheihevotacee ans the tlousptd laturvprhhs.kt.
gen: 401 fit: -110 chromo: to ve  k n wtto zo khat isizae queqtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inotye tinjvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva..latsowsxcf o.tragewud funtunevzsouto waqk armm wgain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdne to sqwqbk nh mxre. vndmby jzooeep to ssy v. erj.atheihexetacee ens the t.ouspsd laturvpfhh .kw.
gen: 402 fit: -110 chromo: to fe  k n wgso zo khat isizae queftiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inxtye tinzvtf slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.wlamsowsxcf o.jragewud fultunevzcfuto paqk armm cgain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipasiovxend thec.rtofdge to sssqbk nh mxre. vndmby dmooeep to swy v. erj.atheiheegtacee ams the tlouspsd laturvpzhhs.ko.
gen: 403 fit: -110 chromo: to re  k n wdto zo khat isizae que.tiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inmtye tinjvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.flausowsxcf o.wragewud fuztunevzskuto uaqk armm ggain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rtofdce to sqtqbk nh mxre. vndmby msooeep to ssy v. erj.atheihe ctacee ens the t.ouspsd laturvp hh .kv.
gen: 404 fit: -110 chromo: to te  k n wlto zo khat isizae quettiot.fwhemheq tisntotler inntve tinzvtf slfwe ozvhe sl.ngiva.hla sowsxcf o..ragewud fu.tuneuzcyuto haqk armm .gain.tmj sea ofpgrorblep aed.bv oipqsiovxend thec.rdofdbe to ssbqbk nh mxre. vndmby mtooeep to ssy v. erj.atheihe.ttacee ans the t.ousptd laturvpkhh .kv.
gen: 405 fit: -110 chromo: to le  k n wnto zo khat isizae que.tiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inktye tinzvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.ulaysowspcf o.aragewud fuctunevzcfuto qaqk armm ogain.tmj sea ofmgrorblen aad.bv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdie to sscqbk nh mlre. undmby x ooeep to swy u. erj.atheihesqtacee ans the tlouspsd laturvochhs.kd.
gen: 406 fit: -110 chromo: to ge  k n weto zo khat isizae quektiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inhtye tinzvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.mlaxsowspcf o.lragewud fuqtunevzcwuto taqk armm .gain.tmj sea ofmgrorblen aad.bv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdee to ssgqbk nh mqre. undmby ebooeep to swy u. erj.atheihepetacee ans the tlouspsd laturvorhhs.k..
gen: 407 fit: -110 chromo: to pe  k n wtto zo khat isizae quejtmot.fwhemhey tisntotler inatye tinzvte slfwe.ozvhe sl.ngiva.ila.sowsxcf o.lrcgewud fuztuneuzsouto baqk armm sgain.tmj sea ofnerorblep aed.bv oipasiovxendsthec.rtofdze to sstqbk nh mxre. vndmby paooeep to swy v. erj.atheiheijtacee ans the t.ousptd laturvpvhh .ko.
gen: 408 fit: -110 chromo: to ce  o n wgto zo khat isizee queztiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inftye tinzvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.alajsowsxcf o.rragewud fuqtuneuzcquto oaqk armm cgain tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oiprsigrxend thec.rtofdte to ss.qbk nh mxre. vndmby ejooeep to swy u. erj.atheiheoxtacee ans the t.ousptd laturvnwhhs.kj.
gen: 409 fit: -109 chromo: to de  k n wito zo khat isizae quehtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvtf slfwe ozvhe sl.ngiva.hladsowswcf o. ragewud fultuneuzcduto yaqk armm tgain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oipasiorxend thec.rtofdxe to ssqqbk nh mxre. vndmby jpooeep to swy u. erj.atheihet tacee ans the t.ousptd laturvnrhhs.kv.
gen: 410 fit: -109 chromo: to je  k n wnto zo khat isizae questiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inktye tinzvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.llahsowspcf o.vragewud fuutunevzccuto  aqk armm zgain.tmj sea ofmgrorblen aad.bv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdwe to ssvqbk nh mfre. undmby .iooeep to swy u. erj.atheihebhtacee ans the tlouspsd laturvothhs.kx.
gen: 411 fit: -109 chromo: to se  k n wfto zo khat isizae quemtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inptye tinzvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.slaisowspcf o.bragewud fuhtunevzccuto paqk armm sgain.tmj sea ofmgrorblen aad.bv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdze to ssrqbk nh mxre. undmby fiooeep to swy u. erj.atheiheoqtacee ans the tlouspsd laturvohhhs.kr.
gen: 412 fit: -109 chromo: to he  k n wmto zo khat isizae queitiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inhtye tinzvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva. lassowspcf o.nragewud fubtunevzcuuto xaqk armm again.tmj sea ofmgrorblen aad.bv oiprsiouxend thec.rtofdne to sszqbk nh mgre. undmby dkooeep to swy u. erj.atheihexytacee ans the tlouspsd laturvowhhs.ka.
gen: 413 fit: -109 chromo: to oe  k n weto zo khat isizae queutiot.fwhemhey tisntotler injtye tinzvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.ola.sowspcf o.kragewud fuptunevzcguto vaqk armm dgain.tmj sea ofmgrorblen aad.bv oiprsiouxend thec.rtofd.e to ssyqbk nh mdre. undmby ueooeep to swy u. erj.atheiheeotacee ans the tlouspsd laturvojhhs.kp.
gen: 414 fit: -109 chromo: to .e  k n w.to zo khat isizae quextiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inhtye tinzvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.tlawsowspcf o.fragewud fuetunevzcquto eaqk armm hgain.tmj sea ofmgrorblen aad.bv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdue to ssoqbk nh mcre. undmby shooeep to swy u. erj.atheihexktacee ans the tlouspsd laturvoshhs.kt.
gen: 415 fit: -109 chromo: to  e  k n wvto zo khat isizae questiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.slavsowspcf o.hragewud fuctunevzgduto paqk armm qgain.tmj sea ofmgrorblen aad.bv oiprsiouxend thec.rtofdke to ssqqbk nh myre. undmby foooeep to swy u. erj.atheiheyytacee ans the tlouspsd laturvokhhs.kh.
gen: 416 fit: -109 chromo: to qe  k n wfto zo khat isizae queotiot.fwhemhey tisftotler invtye tinzvte slfxekmzvhe sl.ngiva.ila.sowsxcf o..ragewul fuytuneuzcluto waqk armm hgainjtmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oiprsiorxend thec.rtofdne to sskqbk nh mxre. vndmby .aooeep to swy v. erj.atheihevatacee anw the t.ousptd laturvpbhhs.ko.
gen: 417 fit: -109 chromo: to te  o n wlto zo khat isizee quejtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler instye tinzvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.xlajsowsxcf o.mragewud fu.tuneuzckuto maqk armm hgain tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oiprsigrxend thec.rtofdte to ssqqbk nh mxre. vndmby fmooeep to ssy u. erj.atheihekktacee ans the t.ousptd laturvnnhhs.kc.
gen: 418 fit: -109 chromo: to te  o n wxto zo khat isizee queetiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inotye tinzvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.rladsowsxcf o.jragewud fuktuneuzcxuto raqk armm ygain tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oiprsigrxend thec.rtofdde to ssbqbk nh mxre. vndmby ptooeep to ssy u. erj.atheiherstacee ans the t.ousptd laturvnyhhs.kx.
gen: 419 fit: -109 chromo: to le  o n wato zo khat isizee queftiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inotye tinzvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.elajsowsxcf o.iragewud funtuneuzcputo raqk armm bgain tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oiprsigrxend thec.rtofdse to ssvqbk nh mxre. vndmby nfooeep to ssy u. erj.atheiheyptacee ans the t.ousptd laturvnnhhs.ko.
gen: 420 fit: -109 chromo: to je  k n whto zo khat isizae quextiot.fwhemhey tisntotler instye rinzvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.wlausowspcf o.eragewud fultuneuzcvuto baqk armm again tmj sea ofmgrorblep aed.bv oiprsiguxend thec.rtofdze to sspqbc nh mxre. vndmby qdpoeep to ssy u. erj.atheihebptacee ans the t.ousptd latkrvn hhs.kn.
gen: 421 fit: -109 chromo: to ee  o n snto zo khat isizee queqtiot.fwhemhey tisftotler in.tye rinzvte slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.flaksowspcf o.bragewul fuctunevzcyuto taqk armm kgain tmj sea ofngrorblep aad.bv oiprsigrxend thec.rtofd e to sswqbk nh mxre. vndmby loooeep to swy u. erj.atheihevitacee ans the tlouspsd laturvothhs.kt.
gen: 422 fit: -109 chromo: to fe  k n wlto zo khat isizee quectiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfxe mzvhe sl.ngiva.qlaesowswcf o.kragewul fuhtuneuzccuto aaqk armm qgain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oiprsiovvend thec.rtofdpe to sslqbk nh mbre. vndmby zbooeep to swy u. erj.atheihevktacee ans the tlousptd laturvpjhhs.ku.
gen: 423 fit: -109 chromo: to ve  k n wzto zo khat isizae quebtiot.fwhemhey tisftotler inttye tinzvte slfxekmzvhe sl.ngiva.wlalsowsxcf o.fragewul fudtuneuzcluto zaqk armm zgainztmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oiprsiorxend thec.rtofdye to ssnqbk nh mxre. vndmby efooeep to swy v. erj.atheihevvtacee anw the t.ousptd laturvpkhhs.ka.
gen: 424 fit: -109 chromo: to re  k n wato zo khat isizae queztiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvtf slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.elagtowswcf o.eragewul fuytuneuzcquto paqk armm xgain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdae to ssnqbk nh mpre. undmby tnooeep to swy u. eri.atheiheeetacee ans the tlouspsd laturvoqhhs.km.
gen: 425 fit: -109 chromo: to qe  k n wyto zo khat isizae queltiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvtf slfwe ozvhe sl.ngiva.wla towswcf o.uragewul fuetuneuzciqto uaqk armm .gain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aad.bv oiprsiovvend thec.rtofdke to sshqbk nh mtre. undmby uvooeep to swy u. erj.atheihevbtacee ans the tlousptd laturvpghhs.kh.
gen: 426 fit: -109 chromo: to ae  k n swto zo khat isizee quettiot.fwhemhey tisftotler inqtye rinzvte slfxekmzvhe sl.ngiva.flaxsowspcf o.oragewul fugtunevzcxuto yaqk armm again tmj sea ofngrorblep aad.bv oiprsigrxend thec.qtofdme to ssjqbk nh mxre. vndmby maooeep to swy v. erj.etheihevxtacee anw the tlouspsd laturvowhhs.kf.
gen: 427 fit: -109 chromo: to ue  k n sdto zo khat isizee quettiot.fwhemhey tisftotler inhtye rinzvte slfxekmzvhe sl.ngiva.xlaasowspcf o.dragewul fuitunevzcbuto haql armm lgain tmj sea ofngrorblep aad.bv oiprsigrxend thec.qtofdhe to ssqqbk nh mxre. vndmby woopeep to swy v. erj.etheihevttacee anw the tlouspsd laturvofhhs.kc.
gen: 428 fit: -109 chromo: to xe sk n wkto zo khat isizee que.tiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvtf slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva. lagtowswcf o.gragewul futtuneuzcauto yaqk armm tgain.tmj sea ofngrprblep aed.bv oiprsiovvend thec.rtondwe to sspqbk nh myre. undmby auooeep to swy u. erj.atheihevltacee ans the tlousptd laturvpjhhs.ks.
gen: 429 fit: -109 chromo: to ve  k n wxto jo khat isizae queqtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwe ozvhe sl.ngiva.flartowswcf o.hragewul huutuneuzchuto xaqk armm tgamn.tmj sea ofngrorblel aad bv oiprsiovvend thec.rtofdle to ssfqbk nh mqre. vndmay qpooeep to swy u  erj.atheiheh tacee ans the tlousptd laturvpzhhs.ku.
gen: 430 fit: -108 chromo: to ee  k n wjto zo khat isizae quevtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvtf slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.blavtowswcf o.kragewul fustuneuzcauto taqk armm again.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdie to ss.qbk nh mvre. undmby ciooeep to swy u. eri.atheiheertacee ans the tlouspsd laturvo.hhs.kb.
gen: 431 fit: -108 chromo: to ze  k n wrto jo khat isizae queftiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.njaitowstcf o.vragewud fultuneuycfuto paqk armm mgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bv oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdee to sseqbk nh more. undmby keooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevztacee ans the tlousptd laturvpxhhs.kf.
gen: 432 fit: -108 chromo: to ge  k n wnto jo khat isizae quewtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.xjaltowstcf o.tragewud fuftuneuycduto taqk armm ogain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bv oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdpe to ssiqbk nh mere. undmby .looeep to swy u. evi.btheihevntacee ans the tlousptd laturvpkhhs.ky.
gen: 433 fit: -108 chromo: to oe  k n wfto zo khat isizae quemtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvtf slfxe ozvhe sl.ngiva.clamtowswcf o.eragewul fuftuneuzsiuto caqk armm ygain.tmj sea ofngrorblep aed.bv oiprsiovxend thec.rtofdve to ssiqdk nh mkre. undmby blooeep to swy u. eri.atheihelrtacee ans the tlouspsd laturvoahhs.kk.
gen: 434 fit: -108 chromo: to ce  k n wyto jo khat isizae queytiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.tjawtowstcf o.rragewud fuktuneuycouto faqk armm zgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bv oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdze to sshqbk nh m re. undmby lbooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevftacee ans the tlousptd laturvpbhhs.km.
gen: 435 fit: -108 chromo: to  e  k n wbto jo khat isizae quevtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.jjartowstcf o.tragewud fudtuneuycnuto aaqk armm ugain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bv oiprsiorvend thec.rtofd e to ssmqbk nh mcre. undmby iyooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevrtacee ans the tlousptd laturvpnhhs.ka.
gen: 436 fit: -108 chromo: to ee  k n weto zo khat isizae queztiot.fwhemhey tisvtotler inntye tinzvte slfxekgzfhe sl.ngiva.hjaztowstdf o.qragewud fuctuneuzcguto haqk armm pgain.toj sea ofngrorblen aad bv oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdge to stoqbk nh mfre. undmby .gooeep to swy m. evj.btheihevdtacee ans the slouspwd laturvnghhs.kl.
gen: 437 fit: -108 chromo: to he  k n wtto jo khat isizae queitiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.gjawtowstcf o.lragewud fu tuneuyciuto saqk armm ggain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bv oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdpe to ssgqbk nh more. undmby kaooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevwtacee an  the tlousptd laturvprhhs.ka.
gen: 438 fit: -106 chromo: to le  k n wuto jo khat isizae queltiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.yjajtowstcf o.yragewud fuhtuneuyczuto faqk armm zgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bv oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdhe to ssdqbk nh more. undmby ojooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevotacee an  the tlousptd laturvpthhs.kc.
gen: 439 fit: -106 chromo: to te  k n wmto jo khat isizae queltior.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.cjadtowstcf o.yragewud fu tuneuycwuto xaqk armn ggain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bv oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdme to sshqbk nh myre. undmby cnooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevltacee an  the tlousptd laturvpqhhs.knl
gen: 440 fit: -106 chromo: to ie  k n w to jo khat isizae queztiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.rjagtowstcf o.pragewud futtuneuycluto haqk armn pgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bv oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdpe to ssjqbk nh mlre. undmby i.ooeep to swy u. evi.btheihev tacee an  the tlousptd laturvpmhhs.kr.
gen: 441 fit: -106 chromo: to ce  k n wwto no khat isizae queitiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.hjactowstcf o.qragewud fujtuneuyceeto vaqk armm hgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bv oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdce to ssmqbk nh mzre. undmby nuooeep to swy u. evi.bthemhevbtacee an  the tlousptd laturvpchhs.km.
gen: 442 fit: -106 chromo: to ie  k n wcto jo khat isizae quehtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.cjamtowstcf o.vragewud fuqtuneuychuto vaqk armn bgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bv oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdxe to sscqbk nh myre. undmby y.ooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevrtacee an  the tlousptd laturvpbhhs.kv.
gen: 443 fit: -106 chromo: to ne  k n w.to jo khat isizae quewtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.zjaytowstcf o.bragewud fudtuneuycduto vaqk armm hgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bv oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdhe to ssaqbk nh m re. undmby piooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevotacee an  the tlousptd laturvpehhs.ke.
gen: 444 fit: -106 chromo: to  e  k n wdto no khat isizae quebtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva..jaftowstcf o.mragewud fuutuneuyceeto oaqk armm ygain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bv oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdwe to ss.qbk nh mure. undmby vxooeep to swy u. evi.bthemhevltacee an  the tlousptd laturvpohhs.kj.
gen: 445 fit: -106 chromo: to  e  k n wmto jo khat isizae quegtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.ajaktowstcf o.jragewud fudtuneuycnuto yaqk armm lgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bv oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdve to ssoqbk nh mvre. undmby o ooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevwtacee an  the tlousptd laturvpghhs.ky.
gen: 446 fit: -106 chromo: to se  k n wuto jo khat isizae quentiot.vwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva..jaktowstcf o.jragewud fultuneuycxeto iaqk armm rgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.btofdre to sswqbk nh mcre. undmby lfooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevqtacee an  the tdousptd laturvpnhhs.kl.
gen: 447 fit: -106 chromo: to te  k n.wbto jo khat isizae que tiot.fwhemhei tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.tjagtowstcf o.iragewud fuptuneuyceuto iaqk armm .gain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bv oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdze to sqlqbk nh msre. undmby otooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevztacee ans the tloushtd laturvp hhs.kw.
gen: 448 fit: -106 chromo: to ee  k n wfto jo khat isizae quettiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.yjaytowstcf o. ragewud fu tuneuyckuto iaqk armn hgain.tmj sea ofngrorblej aad bv oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdke to sswqbk nh mvre. undmby b.ooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevutacee an  the tlousptd laturvpbhhs.kx.
gen: 449 fit: -106 chromo: to qe  o n wito jo khat isizae queqtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.wja rowstcf o.gragewud fuytuneuycuuto naqk armm zgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.btofdne to sseqbk nh mxre. undnby a ooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevjtacee an  the tdousptd laturvpzfhs.ke.
gen: 450 fit: -106 chromo: to ve  o n wzto jo khat isizae queqtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.jja rowstcf o.zragewud fuxtuneuychuto paqk armm ygain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.btofdde to sscqbk nh exre. undnby pwooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevgtacee an  the tdousptd laturvpifhs.kx.
gen: 451 fit: -106 chromo: to ve  k n wcto jo khat isizae quejtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.oja towstcf o.vragewud fuatuneuycputo vaqk armm bgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bv oiprsiorvend thec.btofdte to sc qbk nh mxre. undnby .iooeep to swy u. evi.btheihfvvtacee an  the tdousptd laturvpjhhs.kb.
gen: 452 fit: -106 chromo: to ue  k n w to jo khat isizae quextiot.fwhemhey tisn.otler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.rjartowstcf o..ragewud fultuneuycquto yaqk armn  gain.tmj sea ofngrorblej aad bv oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdte to sshqbk nh mpre. undmby o.ooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevmtacee an  the tlousptd laturvpmhhs.kn.
gen: 453 fit: -106 chromo: to ve  k n wnto jo khat isizae queftiot.vwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvse slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.yjanrowsxcf o..ragewud fuztuneuydceto hayk armm tgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bu oi rsiorvend thec.btofdje to sshqbk nh mcre. undmby j.ooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevutacee ans the tlousptd laturvpwfhs.kc.
gen: 454 fit: -106 chromo: to pe  o n wjto jo khat isizae quectiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.eji rowstcf o..ragewud fuytuneuycwuto eaqk armm ugaip.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorkend thec.btofdje to sspqbk nh mxre. undnby luooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevutacee an  the tdousptd laturvpvfhs.kq.
gen: 455 fit: -106 chromo: to ge  k nywuto bo  hat isizaf queotiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye dinzvte slfwekozfhe sl.ngiva.djaftowstcf o..ragewud fustuneuycxmto maqk armm bgain.tnj sea ofngrorblen aad bv ojprsiorvend thec.rtoedoe to ssfqbk nh m re. undmby g.ooeep to swy u. evi.bthemhevwtacee an  the tlovsptd laturvpphhs.kw.
gen: 456 fit: -106 chromo: to we  k nywuto no  hat isizae quegtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl ngiva.njactowstcf o.dragewud fu tuneuydketo yaqk armn egain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bv ojprsiorvend theg.rtofdqe to ssmqbk nh mqre. undmby c.ooeep to swy u. evi.bthemhevbtacee an  the tlousptd laturvpkhhs.kn.
gen: 457 fit: -106 chromo: to  e  o n wpto jo khat isizae queztiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfgekozvhe sl.ngiva.qja rowstcf o.yragewud fudtuneuyc.uto haqk armm pgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdze to sstqbk nh mxre. undnby ojooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevptacee an  the tdousprd laturvpxfhs.ks.
gen: 458 fit: -106 chromo: to .e  o n wtto jo khat isizae queftiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.oja rowstcf o.dragewud fuftuneuyc uto saqk armm mgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.btofdce to ssuqbk nh mxre. undnby .looeep to swy u. evi.btheihevgtacee an  the tdousptd laturvpmfhs.ks.
gen: 459 fit: -106 chromo: to ce  o n wito jo khat isizae quehtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.nja rowstcf o.eragewud fuutuneuyceuto maqk armm ogain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.btofdke to sssqbk nh mxre. undnby hkooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevetacee an  the tdousptd laturvpcfhs.kk.
gen: 460 fit: -106 chromo: to qe  o n wlto jo khat isizae queitiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.aja rowstcf o.pragewud fuhtuneuycbuto kaqk armm kgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.btofdqe to sspqbk nh mxre. undnby vtooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevutacee an  the tdousptd laturvpdfhs.kb.
gen: 461 fit: -106 chromo: to ye  o n wkto jo khat isizae quentiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.yja rowstcf o.pragewud fuvtuneuycyuto qaqk armm hgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.btofdqe to sscqbk nh mxre. undnby d.ooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevktacee an  the tdousptd laturvpvfhs.kz.
gen: 462 fit: -106 chromo: to ze  k n uzto jo khat isizae queptiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.xja rowstcf o.oragewud fu tuneuycouto .aqk armn rgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.btofdye to sspqbk nh mcre. undmby k.ooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevxtacee an  the tdousptd laturvpnhhs.kc.
gen: 463 fit: -106 chromo: to de  o n wkto jo khat isizae queftiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfgekozvhe sl.ngiva.zja rowstcf o.eragewud fu.tuneuycquto faqk armm rgain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdte to ssrqbk nh mxre. undnby i ooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevbtacee an  the tdousptd laturvpifhs.kg.
gen: 464 fit: -106 chromo: to de  o n wkto jo khat isizae quewtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfgekozvhe sl.ngiva.lja rowstcf o.dragewud fu.tuneuyctuto iaqk armm lgain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdpe to ssbqbk nh mxre. undnby muooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevwtacee an  the tdousptd laturvpufhs.kz.
gen: 465 fit: -106 chromo: to ie  k n uxto jo khat isizae queltiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngiva.xja rowstcf o.jragewud funtuneuyczuto iaqk armn mgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.btofdje to sswqbk nh mcre. undmby o.ooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevatacee an  the tdousptd laturvp.hhs.kk.
gen: 466 fit: -106 chromo: to ae  o n wfto jo khat isizae quemtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye rinzvte slfgekozvhe sl.ngiva.aja rowstcf o.kragewud fu.tuneuycputo kaqk armm zgain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdce to sswqbk nh mxre. undnby mlooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevwtacee an  the tdousptd laturvpmfhs.kj.
gen: 467 fit: -106 chromo: to ze  o n wyto jo khat isizae quentiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye rinzvte slfgekozvhe sl.ngiva.bja rowstcf o.kragewud fu.tuneuyczuto .aqk armm  gain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdye to ss qbk nh mxre. undnby ouooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevstacee an  the tdousptd laturvpmfhs.kn.
gen: 468 fit: -106 chromo: to te  o n wgto jo khat isizae quertiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye rinzvte slfgekozvhe sl.ngiva.mja rowstcf o.cragewud fu.tuneuyckuto raqk armm ygain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdwe to ss qbk nh mxre. undnby czooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevytacee an  the tdousptd laturvpbfhs.ko.
gen: 469 fit: -106 chromo: to ge  k n ukto jo  hat isizae que.tiot.fwhemhey tisntotler injtye tinzvte slfwekozvhe slpngyva.rja rowstcf o.qragewud fw.tuneuycruto laqk armm pgain.tij sea ofnhrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvepd thec.rtofdhe to ssuybk nh mnre. undmby a ooeep to swy u. eni.btheihevktacee an  the tdousptd laturvpjfhs.kg.
gen: 470 fit: -106 chromo: to ge  k n unto jo khat isizae queytiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye tinzvte slfwekozvhe slrngiva.aja rowstcf o.kragewud fu.tuneuycjuto qaqk armm mgain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdje to ssxqbk nh mlre. undnby ykooeep to swy u. evi.btheihevktacee an  the tdousptd laturvpifhs.kf.
gen: 471 fit: -106 chromo: to fe  o n wrto jo khat isizae questiot.fwhemhe  tisntotper inntye tinzvtg slfdekkzvhe sl.ngiva.vja rowstcf o.bragexud fuvtuneuyc.eto kaqk armn igain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bu ojprsiovuend thec.btofdxe to sshqbk nh mure. undnby cimoeep to swy u. evi.btheihevrtacee an  the tdouspxd laturvlphhs.ku.
gen: 472 fit: -106 chromo: to le  o n wfto jo khat isizae queltiot.fwhemhe  tisntotper inntye tinzvtg slftekkzvhe sl.ngiva.xja rowstcf o.kragexud futtuneuycdeto  aqk armn  gain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bu ojprsiovuend thec.btofdae to ss.qbk nh mcre. undnby smmoeep to swy u. evi.btheihevgtacee an  the tdouspxd laturvlzhhs.kh.
gen: 473 fit: -106 chromo: to ne  o n whto jo khat isizae queitiot.fwhemhe  tisntotper inntye tinzvtg slfzekkzvhe sl.ngiva.wja rowstcf o.bragexud fuutuneuycheto taqk armn kgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad bu ojprsiovuend thec.btofdne to sscqbk nh mire. undnby jimoeep to swy u. evi.btheihevwtacee an  the tdouspxd laturvlthhs.kv.
gen: 474 fit: -106 chromo: to he  k n umto jo khat isizaa quertiot.fwhemhey tisntotler injtye tinzvte skfwelpzvhe sl.ngyva.fja.rowstcf o.xragexud fwxtuneuyc eto daqk armm qgain.tnj sea ofnhrorblen aad bv oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdce to ssmybk nh mkre. undmby t.ooeep to swy u. eni.btheihevrtacee an  the tdousptd laturvlofhs.kd.
gen: 475 fit: -106 chromo: to be  k n uxto jo khat isizae queztiot.fwheihey tisntotler knmtye rinzvte slfwekozvhe sl.ngyva.wja rowstcf o.aragewud fwftuneuycfeto paqk armm .gain.tmj sea ofngrorrlen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdqe to ssyybk nh mxre. undjby nrooeep to swy u. eni.btheihevftacee an  the tdousptd laturvpkfhs.kw.
gen: 476 fit: -106 chromo: to je  o n woto jo khat isizae queztiot.fwhemhey tisntotler injtye tinzvte slfgekkzvhe slsngiva.jja rowstcf o.lragewud fu.tuneuycauto .aqk armm jgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad br oiprsiorvend thea.rtofd.e to ssbqbk nh mzre. vndjby xsooeep to swy u. eni.btheihevktacee an  the tdousptd laturvpufhstke.
gen: 477 fit: -106 chromo: to ie  o nkgrto jo khat isizae quentiot.fwhemhey tisntotper inntye rinzvte slfwekozvhe slpngiva.sja rowstcf o.xragewud fw.tuneuyc utg oaqk armm ugain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdme to ssvqbk ng mxre. undnby qeooeep to swy u. eni.bthemhevmtacee an  the tdousptd laturulahhs.ks.
gen: 478 fit: -106 chromo: to he  o n wdto jo khat isizae queytiot.fwhemhe  tisntotler inntye rinzvte slfgekkzvhe sl.ngiva.wja rowstcf o.nragewud fu.tuneuycheto aaq  armm ngain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.btofdqe to ssiqbk nh mxre. undnby qqooeep to swy u. eni.btheihevctacee an  the tdousptd laturvpfhhs.ks.
gen: 479 fit: -106 chromo: to be yk npwpto jo khat isizae quemtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler injtye tinzvte slfgekkzvhe slyngiva.uja rowstcf o.vragewud fu.tuneuyckuto xaqk armm ggain.tml sea ofngrorblen aad br oiprsioqvend thea.rtofdoe to sskqbc nh mjre. undjby jbooeep to swy u. eni.btheihevktacee an  the tdousptd laturvpdfhs.kx.
gen: 480 fit: -106 chromo: to ge  o nywsto jo khat isizae queatiot.fwhemhey tisntotler injtye tinzvte slfwekkzvhe sl.ngiva.mja rowstcf o.eragexud fu.tuneuyc uto kaqk armm fgain.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad br oiprsiobvend thec.rtpfdze to ssoqbk nh mxre. vndjby vrooeep to swy u. eni.btheihevgtacee an  the tdousptd laturvl fhsukb.
gen: 481 fit: -106 chromo: to me  o n weto jo khat isizae queztiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye rinzvte slfwekozuhe sl.ngiva.nja rowstcf o.qragewud fu.tuneuyckuto .aqk armm cgain.tij sea ofngrorblen ead bu oi rsiorvend thec.rtofdpe to ss.qbk nh mxre. undjby snooeep to swy u. eni.bthemhevwtacee an  the tdousptd laturupmhhs.km.
gen: 482 fit: -106 chromo: to ke  o nywbto jo khat isizae quemtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler injtye tinzvte slfwekkzvhe sl.ngmva.sja rowstcf o.oragexud fu.tuneuyc uto xaqk armm again.tmj sea ofngrorblen aad br oiprsiobvend thec.rtpfdje to ssfqbk nh mxre. vndjby nfooeep to swy u. eni.btheihevftacee an  the tdousptd latubvlkfhs.kw.
gen: 483 fit: -106 chromo: to me  o n wbto jo khat isizae que.tiot.fwhemhey tisntotler inntye rinzvte slfwekozuhe slpngiva.mja rowstcf o.pragewud fu.tuneuyc eth paqk armm ngain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdoe to ssbqbk nh mxre. undnby v ooeep to swy u. eni.fthemhevztacee an  the tdousptd laturuldhhs.ku.
gen: 484 fit: -106 chromo: to re  o n wgto jo khat isizae queutiot.fwhemhes tisntotler inntye rinzvte slfwekkzvhe slpngiva.oja rowstaf o.vragewud fu.tunewycquto  aqk armm ngain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu okprsiorvend thec.rtofdze to sswqbk nh mxre. undjby ywooeep to swy u. eni.btheihevltacee an  the tdouspsd laturulzhhs.kb.
gen: 485 fit: -106 chromo: to ce yo nswcto jo khat isizae questiot.fwhemhey tisntotler injtye tinzvte skfwekpzqhe slpngiva.aja rowstcf o.hragewud fwltuneu gnuto xaqk armm hgain.tnj sea ofngrorblenqaad bv oiprsioqvend thea.rtofdze to sspqbk nh mqre. undnby b.ooeep to swy z. eni.bthemhevltacee an  the tdousptd laturvlzfhslkn.
gen: 486 fit: -106 chromo: to ke  o n wxto jo khat isizae quektiot.fwhemhe  tisntotler inntye rinzvte slfgekkzvhe slpngiva.uja rowstcf o.aragewud fu.tuneuycveto saq  armm pgain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.atofdde to ssvqbk ng mxre. undnby zxooeep to swy u. eni.btheihevutacee an  the tdousptd laturulzhhs.k..
gen: 487 fit: -106 chromo: to fe yo n.wbto jo khat isizae quectiot.fwhemhey tisntotler injtye tinzvte skfwekpzqhe slpngiva.dja rowstcf o..ragewud fwztuneu geuto saqk armm ogain.tnj sea ofngrorblenhaad bv oiprsioqvend thea.rtofdie to sswqbk nh mxre. undnby t.ooeep to swy e. eni.bthemhevetacee an  the tdousptd laturvlzfhslkg.
gen: 488 fit: -106 chromo: to te yo ngwoto jo khat isizae queatiot.fwhemhey tisntotler injtye tinzvte skfwekpzqhe slpngiva.lja rowstcf o.mragewud fwutuneu gfuto waqk armm tgain.tnj sea ofngrorblentaad bv oiprsioqvend thea.rtofdye to ssyqbk nh mwre. undnby i.ooeep to swy g. eni.bthemhevatacee an  the tdousptd laturvlzfhslkp.
gen: 489 fit: -106 chromo: to de  o n wpto jo khat isizae quentiot.fwhemhe  tisntotler inntye rinzvte slfgekkzvhe slpngiva. ja rowstcf o.cragewud fu.tuneuycteto taq  armm tgain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.atofd e to ssxqbk ng mxre. undnby ttooeep to swy u. eni.btheihevjtacee an  the tdousptd laturulzhhs.kp.
gen: 490 fit: -106 chromo: to be  o n wrto jo khat isizae queptiot.fwhemhe  tisntotler inntye rinzvte slfgekkzvhe slpngiva.eja rowstcf o.jragewud fu.tuneuycleto  aq  armm dgain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.atofdue to ssdqbk ng mxre. undnby wzooeep to swy u. eni.btheihevltacee an  the tdousptd laturulzhhs.kw.
gen: 491 fit: -106 chromo: to ke yo ndwmto jo khbt isizae quedtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler injtye tinzvte skfwekpzqhe slpngiva.xja rowstcf o.rragewud fwftuneu guuto raqk armm cgain.tnj sea ofngrorblen.aad bv oiprsioqvend thea.rtofdoe to ssiqbk nh myre. undnby k.ooeep to swy .. eni.bthemhev.tacee an  the tdousptd laturvlzfhslk..
gen: 492 fit: -106 chromo: to te yo n weto jo khat isizae quectiot.fwhemhey tisntotler injtye tinzvte skfwekpzqhe slpngiva.lja rowstcf o.vragewud fgntuneu gsuto jaqk armm kgain.tnj sea ofngrorblenkaad bv oiprsioqvend thea.rtofdte to swyqbk nh mire. undnby f.ooeep to swy .. eni.bthemhevatacee an  the tdousptd laturvlzfhslk..
gen: 493 fit: -106 chromo: to oe  o nnwrto jo khat isizae queetiot.fwhemhes tisntotler inntye rinzvte skfwekkzqhe slpngiva..jatrowstaf o.wragewud fwqtunew gbuto jaqk armm mgain.tij sea ovngrorblenzaad bu okprsioqvend thec.rrofd e to swfqbk nh mxre. undjby fdooeep to swy h. eni.bthemhev.tacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhslkd.
gen: 494 fit: -106 chromo: to ge yo n.wkto jo khat isizae quewtiot.fwhemhey tisntotler injtye tinzvte skfwekpzqhe slpngiva.ajamrowstcf o.cragewud fwjtuneu gputo eaqk armm xgain.tnj sea ofngrorblenaaad bv oiprsioqvend thea.rtofdte to swdqbk nh mire. undnby f.ooeep to swy h. eni.bthemhevptacee an  the tdousptd laturvlzfhslke.
gen: 495 fit: -105 chromo: to be  o nowwto jo khat isizae queutiot.fwhemhe  tisntotlfr ifjtye tinzvte slfwekkzvhe slpngiva.rja rowstcf o.rragewud fwctuneu gieto iaq  armm fgain.tnj sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvend thec.rtofdpe to ssrqbk ng mxre. undnby zqooeep to swy u. eni.bthemhevitacee an  the tdousptd laturvlzhhs.kg.
gen: 496 fit: -104 chromo: to ce  m n wmto jp kha. isizae quehtiot.ewhemhe  tisntotler injtye rinzvte slfwekkzqhe slpngiva.xja rowstaf o.hragetud fu tunew gmeto aaqk armm hgain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsioqvend thea.rtofdze to ssxqbk nh mhre. undnby r.ooeep to sdy w. eni.bthemhevptacee an  the tdoushtd laturulzfhclkh.
gen: 497 fit: -104 chromo: to re  m n wyto jp kha. isizae quewtiot.ewhemhe  tisntotler injtye rinzvte slfwekkzqhe slpngiva.aja rowstaf o.xragetud fu.tunew gheto baqk armm qgain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsioqvend thea.rtofdce to ss.qbk nh m.re. undnby d.ooeep to sny w. eni.bthemhevftacee an  the tdoushtd laturulzfhclkf.
gen: 498 fit: -104 chromo: to ne ym n wcto jo khat isizae queutiot.fwhemhe  tisntotler injtye rinzvte skfwekkzqhe slnngyva.yba rowstaf o..ragewud fu.duneuygnuto .aqk armm rgainttij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsiorvemd thea.rtofdpe to sstqbk nh mfre. undnby b.ooeep to swy  . eni.bthemhevjtacme an  the tdousptd laturvlzfhcrkd.
gen: 499 fit: -104 chromo: to he  m n wzto jp kha. isizae quevtiot.ewhemhe  tisntotler injtye rinzvteoslfwekkzqhe slpngiva.mja rowstaf o.jragetud fuetunew gfeto baql armm wgain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsioqvend thea.rtofdye to sswqbk nh mmre. undnby k.ooeep to siy w. eni.bthemhevvtacee an  the tdoushtd laturulzfhclki.
gen: 500 fit: -104 chromo: to re  k n wyto jo khat isizae queltiot.fwhemhe  tisntotler injtye rinzvte skfwekkzqhe slpngyva. ja rowstaf o.lragewud fc.duneuygyuto aaqk armm lgain.tij sea ofngrorblei aad bu oiprsiorvend thea.rtofdme to sswqbk nh mzre. undnby g.ooeep to swy u. eni.bthemhevqtacee an  the tdousptd laturvlzfhsbkv.
gen: 501 fit: -104 chromo: to fe  m n weto jp kha. isizae que tiot.ewhemhe  tisntotler injtye rinzvte slfwekkzqhe slpngiva.dja rowstaf o.rragetud fuwtunew gpeto aaqk armm bgain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsioqvend thea.rtofd e to sslqbk nh mere. undnby g.ooeep to sgy w. eni.bthemhevjtacee an  the tdoushtd laturulzfhclks.
gen: 502 fit: -104 chromo: to ze  m n wmto jp khat isizae quertiot.ewhemhe  tisntotler injtye rinzvte slfwekkzqhe slpngjva.wja rowstaf o.pragetud fuitunew gdeto zaqk armm pgain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu okprsioqvend thea.rtofdve to ssqqbk nh m re. undnby h.ooeep to swy w. eni.bthemhevttacee an  the tdoushtd laturulzfhclk .
gen: 503 fit: -104 chromo: to ne  k n ento bo khat isizae queptiot.ewheehey tisntotler injtye rinzvte slfwekpzqhe slpngiva ija rowstaf o.iragewud fwmtuneu gkuto gaqk armm egain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bv oiprsiorvend thea.rtofdfe to sslqbl nh mzre. undnby n.ooeep to swy u. eni.bthemhevotacee an  the tdousptd laturxlzfhs.ka.
gen: 504 fit: -103 chromo: to ne  k n w ro jo khat isizae queztiot.ewhemhe  tisntotler injtye rinzvte skfwekkzqhe slpngiva.uja rowstaf o.nragewud fu.tuneu gtgto waqk armm egain.tij sea ofngrorblek aad bu oiprsioqvend thea.rtofd e to sszqbk nh mkre. undnby m.ooeep to swy w. eni.bthemhevutacee an  the tdoushtd laturvlzfhswkh.
gen: 505 fit: -103 chromo: to ze  m n wkto jp khat isizae quevtiot.ewhemhe  tisntotler injtye rinzvte slfwekkzqhe slpngjva.lja rowstaf o. ragetud futtunew gpeto daqk armm vgain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu okprsioqvend thea.rtofdze to ssxqbk nh mxre. undnby j.ooeep to swy w. eni.bthemhevatacee an  the tdoushtd laturulzfhclkj.
gen: 506 fit: -103 chromo: to ze  o n axto jp khat isizae quettiot.fwheehe  tisntotler injtye rinzvte slfwekkzqhe slpngiva rjairowstaf o.nragetud fcltuneu goeto .aqk armm ogain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu okprsioyvend thea.rtofdse to ssfqbk nh mmre. undnby n.ooeep to swy w. eni.bthemhevvtacee an  the tdousptd laturxlzfhclko.
gen: 507 fit: -103 chromo: to ne  msn gato jl khat isizae quektiot.fwhemhe  tisntotler injtye rinzvte slfwekpzqhe slpngjva.nja rowstcf o.hragetud fuptuneu gputo saq  armm bgain.tjn sea ofngrorblen aad bv okprsioqvend thea.rtofdqe to ssgybl nh m.re. undnby q ooeep to swy wt eni.atheihevrtacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhc.kk.
gen: 508 fit: -103 chromo: to ze  o n wsto jp khat isizae quewtiot.fwhemhey tisjtotler injtye tinzvte skfwekkzvhe slnngiva.lja rowstcf o.sragewud fuituneu g.eto baqk armm egain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bx oiprsioqvend thea.rtofdye to ssbqbk nh mhre. undnby y.ooeep to swy w. eni.bthemhexutacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhs.kv.
gen: 509 fit: -103 chromo: to ze .k n wsto jl khat isizae quektiot.fwhemhey tisntotlez injtye tinzvte skfwekkzvhe slnngiva.njairowstaf o.pragetud fuhtunew oreto zaqk armm dgainttij sea ofngrorblen aad bu okprsioqvend thea.rtofdje to ssuqbk nh mare. undnby b.goeep to swy w. eni.btheihexbtacee an  the tdoushtd laturulzfhslkf.
gen: 510 fit: -103 chromo: to ne  k n w to bo khat isizae queftiot.fwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzvte slfwekpzqhe slpngiva dja rowstbf o.lragewud fuvtuneu giuto kaqk armmkogain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bp oiprsioqvend thea.rtofdze to sssqbk nh m.re. undnby a.ooeep to swy w. eni.bthemhevwtacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhs.kh.
gen: 511 fit: -103 chromo: to ze  k n wkto bp khat isizae queutiot.fwhemhey tisjtotler injtye rinzvte skfgekpzvhe slnngiva.cja uowstcf o.yragewud furtunew hteto wayk armm dgain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oyprsioqvend theb.rtoedxe to sszqbk nh mure. undfby r.ooeep to swy w. eni.bthekhevhtacee an  the tdousptd laterulzfhs.kr.
gen: 512 fit: -103 chromo: to ze  k n wato bp khat isizae queutiot.fwhemhey tisjtotler injtye rinzvte skfgekpzvhe slnngiva.fja uowstcf o.pragewud fuqtunew hneto hayk armm rgain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oyprsioqvend theb.rtoed.e to ssyqbk nh mrre. undfby h.ooeep to swy w. eni.bthebhevhtacee an  the tdousptd latorulzfhs.kw.
gen: 513 fit: -103 chromo: to ne  ksn gcto bp khat isizae queutiot.fwhemhey tisjtotler injtye rinzvte skfwekpzvhe slnngjva.xja rowstcf o.bragetud fuctunew hoeto paqk arem bgain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oyprsioqvend theb.rtoedde to ssxqbk nh m.re. undfby t.ooeep to swy w. eni.bthexhexitacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhc.ky.
gen: 514 fit: -103 chromo: to ze  k n . to bo khat isizae queqtiot.fwhemhey tysntotler injtye tinzvte slfwekkzqhe slpngivayaja rowstaf o.gragewud fu tuneu ghuto waqk armm ngain.taj sea ofngrorblen aad bo oiprsioqvend thea.rtofdle to ssoqbk nh mnre. undnby e.ooeep to swy ws eni.btheihevstacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhs.kz.
gen: 515 fit: -103 chromo: to ze  k n woto bo khat isizaf quehtiot.fwhemhey tisjtotler anjtye rinzvte skfwekkzqhe slnngivapkja rowstaf o.mragetud fuetuneu ocuto raqk armm ngainstij sea gfngrorblen aad bq okprsioqvend thea.rtofdre to ssxqbk nh m re. qndnby i.goeep to swy w. enj.athemhevstacee an  the tdoushtd laturulzfhs.kz.
gen: 516 fit: -103 chromo: to ze  k n whto bn khat isizqe quectios.fwhemhey tisjtotler injtye rinzvte skfxekkzqhe slnngiva.rja rowstcf ozfragewud funtuneu gouto laqk armm hgain.taj sea ofngrorblen aad bc oiprsioqvend thea.rtofdqe to ssiqbk nh msre. undnby k.goeep to swy w. emi.btheihexetacee an  the tdoutptd laturulzfhslkb.
gen: 517 fit: -103 chromo: to ze  k n mrto bo khat isizae quejtiot.fwhemhey tysntotler injtye tinzvte slfwekkzqhe slpngiva.sja rowstaf o.iragewud futtuneu gouto gaqk armm lgain.taj sea ofngrorblen aad bw oiprsioqvend thea.rtofdee to ss.qbk nh mzre. undnby y.ooeep to swy ws eni.btheihevhtacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhs.ko.
gen: 518 fit: -103 chromo: to ze  k n wwto bn khat isizqe quextiotzfwhemhey tisntotler injtye tinzvte skfxekpzqhe slpngava mjahrowstaf o.tragewud fuqtuneu oeeto paqk armm kgain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bw oiprsioqvend thea.rtohd e to ssnqbk nh mnre. undnby e.goeep to swy w. eni.btheihexvtacee an  the tdoutptd laturulzfhslka.
gen: 519 fit: -103 chromo: to ze  k n wzto bn khat isizqe quewtiotzhwhemhey tisntotler injtye tinzvte skfxekpzqhe slpngava qjacrowstaf o.bragewud fu tuneu o.eto aaqk armm egain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bc oiprsioqvend .hea.rtohdye to sstqbk nh m re. undnby  .goeep to swy w. eni.btheihexytacee an  the tdoutptd laturulzfhslkw.
gen: 520 fit: -103 chromo: to ne  k n wqto bo khat isizae queztiot.fwheehey tisntotler injtye rinzvte slfwekpzvhe slnngiva.zja rowstbf o.qtagewud fuztunew oyeto daqk armm lgain.tin sea ofngrorblen aad bk oiprsioqvend thea.rtofdue to ssrqbk nh mdre. undnby p.ooeep to swy w. eni.bthemhevptacee an  the tdoushtd laturulzfhs.kl.
gen: 521 fit: -103 chromo: to ze  k n wato bn khat isizae quewtiot.fwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzvte skfxekpzqhe slpngiva djakrowstcf o.bragewud fuutuneu gduto waqk armm again.taj sea ofngrorblen aad bd oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdve to sssqbk nh mfre. undnby s.goeep to swy w. eni.bthemhexhtacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhslkr.
gen: 522 fit: -103 chromo: to ze tk n w.to jl khat isizae quektiot.fwhemhey tisntotler injtye tinbvte skfwekkzvhe slnngiva..jakrowstaf o.vragewud fuetunew ojeto naqksarmm againstjj sea ofngrorblen aad bu giprsioqvend thea.rtofdxe to sslqbk nh mnre. undnby n.goeep to swy w. eni.btheihexgtacee an  the tdoushtd laturolzfht.kh.
gen: 523 fit: -103 chromo: to ze tk n wlto jn khat isizae queztiot.fwhemhey tisjtotler injtye rinzvte skfxekpzqhe slpngiva.rja rowstbf o.zragewud fuetunew gfuto  aqk armm wgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bc oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdde xo ss.qbk nh mire. undnby  .goeep to swy w. eni.btheihex tacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhs.ko.
gen: 524 fit: -103 chromo: to ze  k n wmto bn khat isizae queptiot.fwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzvte skfwekpzqhe slnngiva.cjaurowstbf o.braggwud fuxtuneu oseto xayk armm ugain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad b. okprsioqvend thea.rtohdae to sssqbk nh mcre. undnby q.ooeep to swy w. eni.jtheihexgtacee an ythe tdoushtd laturulzfhs.kf.
gen: 525 fit: -103 chromo: to ze  k n wwto bn khat isizae que.tiot.fwheehey tisntotjer injtye tinzvte skfhekkzqhe slpngiva.xjaurowstaf o.oragetud fustuneu oketo qaqk armm ggain.taj sea ofngrorblen aad bp oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdse to ssuqbk nh mwre. undnby  .goeep to swy w. eni.btheihexrtacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhw.ko.
gen: 526 fit: -103 chromo: to ze  k n k to bp khat isizae queptiot.fwheehey tysjtotler injtye tinzvte slfxekkzqhe slpngivav ja rowstaf ozuragetud fuutunes g uto oaqk armm againstaj sea ofngrorblen aad bh oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdfe to sstqbk nh mkre. qndnby s.goeep to swy w. eni.btheqhevhtacee an  the tdoushtd laturulzfhc.kq.
gen: 527 fit: -102 chromo: to ne  k n xwto bp khat isizae que.tiot.fwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzvte slfwelkzvhe slpngivafzja rowstbf o.yragewud fudtunew gleto laqk armm ogainstin sea ofngrorblen aad bf oiprsioqvend thea.rtofdoe to ssrqbk nh mire. qndnby n.goeep to swy w. eni.bthemhevitacee an  the tdoushtd lcturulzfhc.ke.
gen: 528 fit: -102 chromo: to ze zk nywtto bp khat isijae quemtiot.fwheehey tysntotler injtye tinzvte skfxeopzqhe slpngiva tba rowsdaf o.pragewud fuktunew oouto paqk armm pgainstaj sea ofngrorblen aad bz oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdpe to sskqbk nh m.re. undnby k.goeep to swy w. emi.bthemhexstacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhw.ku.
gen: 529 fit: -102 chromo: to ze rk nywbto bp khat isijae quektiot.fwheehey tysntotler injtye tinzvte skfxeopzqhe slpngiva vba rowsdaf o.yragewud fuitunew o uto xaqk armm  gainstaj sea ofngrorblen aad bq oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdee to ssuqbk nh m.re. undnby i.goeep to swy w. emi.bthemhexltacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhw.ki.
gen: 530 fit: -101 chromo: to ze .k nywwto bn khat isizae queptiot.hwheehey tisntotler injtye rinzvte skfxekpzvhe slpngiva oba rowstcf o..tagewud fuctunew o uto haqk armm sgain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad by oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdse to sseqbk nh mhre. undnby  .ooeep to swy w. eni.bthemhexstacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhw.ku.
gen: 531 fit: -101 chromo: to ze .k nywcto bn khat isizae quemtiot.hwheehey tisntotler injtye rinzvte skfxekpzvhe slpngiva vba rowstcf o.ptagewud funtunew oguto xaqk armm cgain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bc oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdwe to sstqbk nh myre. undnby r.ooeep to swy w. eni.bthemhexvtacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhw.kt.
gen: 532 fit: -101 chromo: to ze  k n wgto bn khat isizae queptiot.fwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzvte skfxekpzqhe slpngiva bjaxrowstcf g.vragewud fumtuneu gsuto vaqk armm wgain.taj sea ofngrorblen aad bi oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdne to ssdqbk nh mbre. undnby f.goeep to swy w. eni.bthemhexitacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhslkn.
gen: 533 fit: -101 chromo: to ne .k n wcto bp khat isirae quevtiot.fwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzvte slfxekkzvhe slpngiva sja rowstcf o.gtagewud fultunew oduto taqk armm tgainstin sea ofngrorblen aad bq oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdte to sszabk nh msre. undnby p.ooeep to swy w. eni.bthemhex.tacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhc.kw.
gen: 534 fit: -101 chromo: to ne .k n wgto bp khat isirae quewtiot.fwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzvte slfxekkzvhe slpngiva uja rowstcf o.dtagewud fuztunew oiuto uaqk armm qgainstin sea ofngrorblen aad bw oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdhe to ssoabk nh m.re. undnby t.ooeep to swy w. eni.bthemhexttacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhc.kq.
gen: 535 fit: -101 chromo: to ne .k nywhto bp khat isirae quectiot.fwheehey tisjtotler injtye tinzvte slfxekkzqhe slpngiva pbc rowsdcf o.eragewud fuytunew ohuto caqk armm qgainstin sea ofngrmrblen aad bt okprsioqvend thea.rtohdce to ssoqbk nh mnre. undnby h.goeep to swy w. eni.bthemhexptacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhw.ku.
gen: 536 fit: -101 chromo: to ze  c n wtto bn khat isjzae queqtiot.fwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzvte skfwekpzqhe slpngiva ijajrowstaf o.vragewud fuptunew gmeto kark armm .gain.taj sea ofngrorblen aad bh oiprsioqvend thea.ttofd.e to ss.qbk nh mure. undnby z.goeep to swy w. eni.bthemhexstacee an  the tdoushtd laturulzfhslks.
gen: 537 fit: -101 chromo: to ze .k nywfto bn khat isizae quedtiot.hwheehey tisntotler injtye rinzvte skfxekpzvhe slpngiva oba rowstcf o.btagewud fuwtunew otuto xaqk armm tgain.tij sea ofngrorblen aad bj oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdde to ssnqbk nh mfre. undnby i.ooeep to swy wd eni.bthemhex tacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhw.ke.
gen: 538 fit: -101 chromo: to ze .k nyweto bn khat isizae quextiot.bwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzvte skfxekpzvhe slpngiua eba rowsdcf o.xragewuc furtunew obuto naqk armm fgainstaj sea ofngrorblen aad bo oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdie to ssuqbk nh mbre. endnby g.goeep to styyw. eni.bthemhex tacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhwlkr.
gen: 539 fit: -100 chromo: to ze .k nywtto bn khat isizae quektiot.bwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzvte skfxekpzvhe slpngiva bba rowsdcf o.sragewuc fuctunew ovuto raqk armm jgainstaj sea ofngrorblen aad bs oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdee to sstqbk nh mmre. undnby b.goeep to svyyw. eni.bthemhexmtacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhwlkv.
gen: 540 fit: -100 chromo: to ze .c n wqto bp khat iskzae que.tiot.fwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzvte skfxekpzvhe slpngiva pja rowstaf o.bragewud fuctunew oruto waai armm tgainstij sea ofngvorblen aad bv oiprsioqvend thea.ttohdje to sshabk nh mjre. endnby r.hoeep to swy w. eni.bthemhevutacee an  the tdoushtd laturulzfhc.kl.
gen: 541 fit: -100 chromo: to ze .k nywrto bn khat isizae queztiot.bwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzute skfxekpzvhe slpngiva hba rowstcf o.wragewuc fuitunew ohuto caqk armm wgainstbj sea ofngrorblen aad bd oiprsioqvend thea.ztohdle to ssorbk nh mnre. undnby s.goeep to syy wp eni.bthemhexptacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhblkm.
gen: 542 fit: -100 chromo: to ze .k nywvto bn khat isizae queetiot.bwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzute skfxekpzvhe slpngiva pba rowstcf o.cragewuc fuktunew onuto daqk armm cgainstbj sea ofngrorblen aad ba oiprsioqvend thea.ztohdje to ssqrbk nh mrre. undnby g.goeep to sey wf eni.bthemhexctacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhzlk..
gen: 543 fit: -100 chromo: to ze .k nywbto bn khat isizae queqtiot.bwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzute skfxekpzvhe slpngiva vba rowstcf o.vragewuc fuqtunew oluto iaqk armm lgainstbj sea ofngrorblen aad by oiprsioqvend thea.ztohdde to ss rbk nh mgre. undnby d.goeep to soy w  eni.bthemhexytacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhblkn.
gen: 544 fit: -100 chromo: to fe .k n.woto bp khat isirae quektiot.fwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzrte slfxekpzvhe slpngiva.kja rowstcf o.gragebud fu.tunew oxuto xaak armm ogainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bk oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdhe tosssyubk nh mwre. undnby j goeep to swy w. eni.dthemhexktacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhc.kh.
gen: 545 fit: -100 chromo: to ze  k nyl to bp khat iskrae queptiot.fwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzvte skfxekpzvhe slpngivarzba rowstcf o.kragewut fvbtunew ozeto oaqk armm ogainstan sea ofncrorblen aad bu oiprsioqvend thea.rtofdhe to ssbqbk nh mpre. undnby b.goeep to swy w. eni.bthemhehutacue an  the tdousp.d laturulzhhw.k .
gen: 546 fit: -100 chromo: to ne .k n wdto bp khat isirae quebtiot.fwheehey tisntosler injtye tinzfte slfxeepzvhe slpngiva ibaxrowstcf o.lrageiud fubtunew ozmto zaal armm pgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bn oiprsioqfend thea.rtohdxe to ss abk nh m.re. endfby p hoeep toyswy w. eni.dtheohexstacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhc.k..
gen: 547 fit: -100 chromo: to fe .k n.wsto bp khat isirae uueqtiot.bwheehey tisnsotler injtye tinzvte skfxekpzvhe slpngiva cbazrowstcf o. ragewuc fvbtuneu oouto waqk armm xgainstbj sea ofngrorblen aad bq oipvsioqvend theb.ztohd e.to ss.ubk nh mhre. undnby k goeep to swy wt eni.bthemhexgtacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhalkk.
gen: 548 fit: -100 chromo: to ne .k n wito bp khat isirae quentiot.fwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzfte slfxempzvhe slpngiva njasrowstcf o.trageiud furtunew obuto iaal armm sgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bc oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdje tosss ubk nh myre. endnby w hoeep to swy w. eni.dthemhexwtacae an  the tdousptd laturulzfhc.ki.
gen: 549 fit: -100 chromo: to fe .c n.wbto bp khat isirae quewtiot.bwheehey tisnsotler injtye tinzvte skfwekpzvhe slpngiva sbafrowstcf o.cragewuc fvstunew oguto faqk armm bgainstbj sea ofncrorblen aad bn oiprsilqvend theb.ztohd.e to s vuak nh mzre. undnby w.goeep to swy wb eni.jthemhehdtacee an  the tdoushtd laturulzghk.kj.
gen: 550 fit: -99 chromo: to fe .k n.wvto bp khat isirae queqtiot.bwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzfte slfxekpzvhe slpngiva ebazrowstcf o.kragewud fvktunew oquto  aak armm dgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bx oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdxe to ssnubk nh myre. undnby z goeep to swy wd eni.bthemhex tacee an  the tdousntd laturulzfhclka.
gen: 551 fit: -99 chromo: to fe .c n.weto bp khat isirae quettiot.bwheehey tisnsotler injtye tinzvte skfwekpzvhe slpngiva bbaorowstcf o.fragewuc fvctunew otuto  aqk armm igainstbj sea ofncrorblen aad be oiprsigqvend theb.ztohdne to s xuak nh mjre. undnby r.goeep to swy wj eni.jthemhehatacee an  the tdoushtd laturulzghf.kb.
gen: 552 fit: -99 chromo: to fe .c n.wcto bo khat isirae quektiot.bwheehez tisnsotler injtye tinzvte skfwekpzvhe slpngiva tbagrowsxcf o.eragewuc fvktunew obuto laqc armm kgainstbj sea ofncrorblen aad b. oipqsieqvend theb.ztohdse to s wuak nh mrre. undnby n.goeep to suy wb eni.jthemhehctacee an  the tdoushtd laturulzghc.ky.
gen: 553 fit: -99 chromo: to fe .k n.wato bp khat isirae queytiot.bwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzfte slfxekpzvhe slpngiva dbakrowstcf o.vragewud fvytunew oguto jaak armm ggainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bz oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdye to sslubk nh mbre. undnby y goeep to swy ww eni.bthemhexttacee an  the tdousntd laturulzfhclkg.
gen: 554 fit: -99 chromo: to fe .k n.wdto bp khat isirae quehtiot.bwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzfte slfxekpzvhe slpngiva xbaarowstcf o.bragewud fvwtunew o uto xaak armm cgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bp oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdte to sswubk nh mfre. undnby w goeep to swy we eni.bthemhexdtacee an  the tdousntd laturulzfhclkc.
gen: 555 fit: -99 chromo: to ne .k m.whto bo khat isitae quevtiot.fwheehey tisntosler injtye tinzrte slfxespzvhe slpngiva .baxrowstcf o.jragehuc vultunew oumto zaal armm ogainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bc oiprsioqfend thea.rtohdie to ssbabk nh mure. endfby m goeep toyswy w. eni.dtheohexjtacee an. the tdousptd laturulzfhc.kv.
gen: 556 fit: -99 chromo: xo fe .k n.wuto bp khat isirae quektiot.bwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzfte slfwelpzvhe slpngiva wba rowstdf o.nragewud fubtunew oouto saqk armm sgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad by oipqsinqvend theb.rtohdoe to ssuuak nh mpre. undnby f goeep to swy wh eni.bthemhexbtacee an  the tdousntd laturulzfhc.kq.
gen: 557 fit: -99 chromo: to fe .k n.wcto bp khat isirae queytiot.bwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzfte slfxekpzvhe slpngiva qbafrowstcf o.qragewud fvjtunew oquto jaak armm ngainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bb oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdbe to ssrubk nh mere. undnby d goeep to swy wh eni.bthemhexxtacee an  the tdousntd laturulzfhclkt.
gen: 558 fit: -99 chromo: to fe .o n.wuto bp khat isirae queotiot.bwheehey tisnsotler injtye tinzrte slfwelpzvhe slpngiva kjawrowstdf o.dragewuc fumtunew ojuto xaqk armn jgainstij sea ofngrotblen aad bk oipqsipqvend thea.rtohd e to sshuak nh mwre. undnby o goeep to swy wa eni.bthemhexxtacee an  the ttoushtd laturulzfhc.kb.
gen: 559 fit: -99 chromo: to fey.o n.wuto bp khat isirae queatiot.bwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzfte slfxelpzvhe slpngiva dba rowstcf o.pragewuc fuxtunew onuto gaqk armm ugainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bk oiprsipqvend thea.rtohdze tosssfubk nh mere. undnby l goeep to sxy wj eni.bthemhexntacee an  the ttoushtd laturulzfhclkn.
gen: 560 fit: -99 chromo: to fe .l n.whto bp khat isitae questiot.fwheehey tisnsotler injtye rinzfte slfxelpzvhe slpngmva cba rowstcf o.rragejuc fuytunew oquto faqk armm  gainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bt oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdoe to ssqubk nh mire. endfby f goeep to ssy w. eni.bthemhexgtacee an  the tlouspddkpaturulzfhc.kt.
gen: 561 fit: -99 chromo: to ne .k n.whto bp khat isyrae quebtiot.fwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzfte slfxekpzvhe slpngiva wbairowstcf o.oragewud fvctunew oluto paak armg vgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad b. oiprsioqvend thea.qtohdte to sskebk nh mjre. endfby x goeep to swy wi eni.cthemhexitacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhclkx.
gen: 562 fit: -99 chromo: to fe .k n.wwto bh khat isitae que.tiot.awheehey tisntotlez injtye tinzfte slfxeppzvhe slpngiva tbaurowstcf o.bragewud fvytunew oluto aaqk armm ugainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bg oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdze to sseubk nh mire. undnby r goeep tosswy wp eni.bthemheh.tacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhclkq.
gen: 563 fit: -99 chromo: to fe .k n.wgto bp khat isyrae quegtiot.bwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzfte slfxekpzvhe slpngiva mbacrowstcf o.yragewud fvrtunew oiuto baak armm ygainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bs oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdwe to sspubk nh mwre. undnby t goeep to swy wb eni.bthemhexvtacee an  the tdousntd laturulzfhclku.
gen: 564 fit: -99 chromo: to fe .k n.weto bp khat isirae que tiot.bwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzfte slfxekpzvhe slpngiva oba rowstcf o.uragewud fvptunew obuto waak armm xgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bu oiprsioqvend thea.rtohdye to ssrubk nh mdre. undnby u goeep to swy wb eni.bthemhex.tacee an  the tdousntd laturulzfhclko.
gen: 565 fit: -99 chromo: to ne .k n wmto bh khat isirae quectiot.fwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzvte slfxekpzvhe slpngava dbblrowstcf o.mragehud fustunew ojmto .aql armm .gainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bf oiprsioqfend thea.qtohdve to ssvebk nh mare. endfby h goeep to swy w  eni.ctheohexktacee an. the tdousptd laturulzfhc.km.
gen: 566 fit: -99 chromo: to be .o n.wfto bp khat ksirae quejtiot.bwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzfte slfvekpzvhe slpngiva cbatrowstcf o.hragewub fuxtunew otmto baql armm egainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bx oiprsioquend thea.jtohdne to sszabk nh mwre. endfby o gmeep to swy w. eni.cthemhexgtacee an. the tdousptd laturulzfha.kx.
gen: 567 fit: -99 chromo: to fe .k n.w to bp khat msyrae quemtiot.bwheehmy tisntotler injtye tinzfte slfxekpzvhe slpngiva cbacrowstcf o.mragewud fvgtunew oxuto eaak armm ngainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bz oipzsioqvend thea.rtohdve to sq.ubk nh m re. undnby p goeep to swy wc eni.rthemhexptacee an  the tdousn.d laturulzfhclkt.
gen: 568 fit: -99 chromo: to ne .k n.wzto bp khat isyrae queitiot.fwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzfte slfxekpzvhe slpngiva aba.rowstcf o.oragewud fvotunew oauto daak armn hgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bn oiprsioqvend thea.qtohdte to sspebk nh mjre. endfby n goeep to swy wp eni.cthemhexvtacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhclkg.
gen: 569 fit: -99 chromo: to be .o n.wpto bp khat ksirae quegtiot.bwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzfte slfvekpzvhe slpngiva nbaqrowstcf o.sragewub fuxtunew o.mto naql armm  gainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bl oipzsioquend thea.jtohdge to ssaabl nh mcre. endfby l hmeep to swy w. eni.cthemhexetacee an. the tdousptd laturulzfha.kh.
gen: 570 fit: -99 chromo: to.ne .o n.wfto bp khat isyrae queotiot.fwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzfte slfxekpzvhe slpngiva hbawrowstcf o.eragewud fvxtunew ozuto caak arm. fgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bo oiprsioqhend thea.qtohdme to ssfebk nh mare. endfby w goeep to swy wn eni.dthemhexktacee an. the tdousptd laturulzfhclkt.
gen: 571 fit: -99 chromo: to be .k n.wrto bp khat ksirae queetiot.bwheehez tisntotler injtye rinzfte slfvekpzvhe slpngmua rbawrowstcf o.urageyut fqxtunew oomto .aql armm zgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bl oiprsioquend thea.jtohdke to ssbabk nh mure. endfby t gmeep to swy w. eni.cthemhexgtacee an. the tdousptd laturmlzfhalkr.
gen: 572 fit: -99 chromo: to be .k n.wgto bp khat isyrae que.tiot.fwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzfte slfxekpzvhe slpngiva kbatrowstcf o.cragewud fvxtunew o mto paak armm ggainstij sea ofngrorblen aad b  oiprsioquend theamqtohdme to sstebk nh mdre. endfby x goeep to swy w. enilcthemhexxtacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfha.k..
gen: 573 fit: -99 chromo: to be .o n.wqto bp khat isytae queftiot.fwheehey tisntotler injtye tinzfte slfxe pzvhe slpngivayqbanrowstcf o.jragewud fvxtunew oduto eaak armm rgainstij sea ofngrorblen aid bq oiprsioqhend thea.qtohdxe to sszabk nh mere. endfby h goeep to swy wx eni.cthemhexstacee an. the tdousptd laturulzfhclky.
gen: 574 fit: -99 chromo: to be .k n.wqto bp khat isirae quegtiot.bwheehey tisnsotler initye tinzfte slfve pyvhe slpngmva bbawrowstcf o.kragewub fumtunew ogmto caal armm ggainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bd oiprsioquend thea.jtohdoe to sspebk nh mbre. endfby z goeep to swy wp eni.cthemhexptacee an  the tdousntd laturulzfhclkc.
gen: 575 fit: -96 chromo: to be .k ntwnto bp khat isirae quegtiot.bwhefher tisntotler injtye rinzvxe slfve pzvhe slpngmua obazrowstcf o.tragewub fqxtunew oymto paql army ygainstij sea ofngrorblem aad bi oiprsioquend thec.jtohdfe to sssebk nh myre. endfby z goeep to swy wp eni.cthemhexqtacee an  the tdousntd laturulzfhalkg.
gen: 576 fit: -96 chromo: to be .l n.wtto bp khat isirae queetiot.bwheeher tisntotler initye rinzfte slfve pivhe slongmua hfadqmwstcf o.kragewud fuxtuneu oxmto kaal armm ugainstjj sea ofngrorblen aad bi oyprsioquend thea.jtohdoe to s  abksnh mnre. endfby v gmeep to swy wi eni.cthemhexvtacee an. the tdousntd laturulzfhclku.
gen: 577 fit: -96 chromo: tosbe .k n.wpto bp khat isirae que.tiot.bwheeher tisntotler injtye tinzfse skfxekpzvhe slpngiua fbaorowstcf o.vragebud fuxtunew ovuto gaql armm sgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bl oyprsioquend thea.rtohdge to sshebk nh mtre. undfby r goeep to swy w. eni.cthemhexstacee an. the tlousptd paturglzfhalkg.
gen: 578 fit: -94 chromo: to be .o n.wnto bp khat isitae queatiot.fwheeher tisntotler injtye rinzfte slfvekpzvhe slpngmua tbawrowssgf o. ragewud fvatunew ovmto waak armd ggainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bq oiprsioqxend thea.qtohdte to s cebk nh mmre. endfby o goeep to swy wk eni.cthemhexjtacee an. the tdousptd laturulzfhclky.
gen: 579 fit: -94 chromo: to be .k n.wuto bp khat isirae quevtiot.bwhefher tisntotler injtce rinzvte slfve pyvhe slpngmua qbamrowstcf o.sragewud fqxtunew owmto uaal arm. ogainstij sea ofngrorblem aad bn oyprsioquend dhec.jtohdce to ssfebk nh mgre. andfby p goeep to swy wp eni.cthemhexytacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhalkq.
gen: 580 fit: -94 chromo: to be .o n.wito bp khat isitae quedtiot.fwheeher tisntotler injtye rinzfte slfvekpzvhe slpngmua nbadrowssgf o.zragewud fvntunew ojmto oaak arm. igainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bt oiprsioqxend thea.qtohdze to s aebk nh mnre. endfby f goeep to swy w. eni.cthemhexktacee an. the tdousptd laturulzfhclkf
gen: 581 fit: -94 chromo: to be .o n.wvto bp khat isitae quedtiot.fwheeher tisntotler injtye rinzfte slfvekpzvhe slpngmua bbamrowssgf o.zragewud fvxtunew ohmto paak armn lgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bg oiprsioqxend thea.qtohdve to s iebk nh mure. endfby v goeep to swy wh eni.cthemhexctacee an. the tdousptd laturulzfhclkb.
gen: 582 fit: -94 chromo: to be .o n.woto bp khat isitae quehtiot.fwheeher tisntotler injtye rinzfte slfvekpzvhe slpngmua xbafrowssgf o.mragewud fvwtunew ocmto paak armf jgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bs oiprsioqxend thea.qtohdte to s tebk nh mbre. endfby w goeep to swy wu eni.cthemhexktacee an. the tdousptd laturulzfhclka.
gen: 583 fit: -94 chromo: to be .o n.wyto bp khat isitae queotiot.fwheeher tisntotler injtye rinzfte slfvekpzvhe slpngmua fba rowssgf o.aragewud fvjtunew o.mto caak armw ygainstij sea ofngrorblen aad br oiprsioqxend thea.qtohdze to s uebk nh mcre. endfby r goeep to swy wf eni.cthemhexutacee am. the tdousptd laturulzfhclkh.
gen: 584 fit: -94 chromo: to be .o n.wtto bp khat isitae quedtiot.fwheeher tisntotler injtye rinzfte slfvekpzvhe slpngmua bbacrowssgf o.cragewud fvgtunew ofmto aaak armj mgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bk oiprsioqxend thea.qtohdee to s oebk nh mzre. endfby x goeep to swy w  eni.cthemhexgtacee an. the tdousptd laturulzfhclkg.
gen: 585 fit: -94 chromo: to be .o ntwwto bp khat isitae quewtiot.fwhefher tisntotler injtye tinzfte slfvekpyfhe slongmua jbagrowssgf o.iragewud fvntuneu oamto vaal armm hgainstjj sea ofngrorblen aad bw oiprsioquend thea.stohdfe to s tebk nh msre. endfby   goeep to swy wa enk.cthemhexjtacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhclkn.
gen: 586 fit: -94 chromo: to be .o ntwzto bp khat isitae questiot.fwhefher tisntotler injtye tinzfte slfvekpyfhe slongmua nbaurowssgf o.jragewud fv tuneu ogmto baal armm ygainstjj sea ofngrorblen aad bh oiprsioquend thea.stohdwe to s tebk nh more. endfby i goeep to swy wd enk.cthemhexotacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhclkh.
gen: 587 fit: -94 chromo: to be .o n.wxto bp khat isitae queutiot.bwheeher tisntotler injtye tinzfte slffekpzvhe slongmua kbavrowsscf o.dragewub fvvtunew oqmto baak armt tgains.ij sea ofngrorblen aad bh oyprsaoqxend thea.rtohdye to sylebk nh mqre. endfby b goeep to swy wd enk.cthemhexltacee an. the tdousptd laturulzfhclko.
gen: 588 fit: -94 chromo: to be .o n.wito bp khat isitae queutiot.bwheeher tisntotler injtye tinzfte slffekpzvhe slpngmua cbaerowstcf o.aragewud fvwtunew oduto iaal armm ygainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bv oyprsioqxend thea.qtohdme to s bebk nh mlre. endfby v goeep to swy wl eni.cthemhexbtqcee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhclkj.
gen: 589 fit: -94 chromo: to be  o n.wmto bp lhat isitae quextiot.fwheeher tisntotler injtye tinzmte slffekpyvhe slpngmua jbamrowsscf o.hragewub fvetuneu oemto baal armm rgainstlj sea ofngrorblen.aad b. oyprsipquend thea.qtohdre to stwebk nh mgre. endfby h goeep to swy wp eni.cthemhexqtacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhclks.
gen: 590 fit: -94 chromo: to be .k n.wvto bp khat isitae queztiot.fwheeher tisntotler injtye rinzfte slffekpyfhe slpngmua obavrowstcf o.bragewud fvftunew okuto aaal armm sgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bw oyprsioqxend thea.qtohdre to sszebk nh mdre. endfby c goeep to swy wj eni.cthemhexntacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhalkj.
gen: 591 fit: -94 chromo: to be .o n.wpto bp khat isitae quejtiot.fwheeher tisntotler injtye rinzfte slfvekpzvhe slpngmua ebacrowssgf o.rragewud fvvtunew ofmto aaak armw ogainstij sea ofngrorblen aad by oiprsioqxend thea.qtohdze to s yebk nh mgre. endfby w goeep to swy wg eni.cthemhex.tacee an. the tdousptd laturulzfhclkr.
gen: 592 fit: -94 chromo: to be .o n.wgto bp khat isirae quehtiot.bwheeher tisntotler injtye tinzfte slffekpyvhe slongmua vbayrowstcf o.rragewud fvatuneu oruto taal armm zgainstjj sea ofngrorblen aad ba oyprsioquend thea.rtohdde to s cebk nh mcre. endfby . goeep to swy wp eni.cthemhexqtacee an  the thousptd laturulzfhckkz.
gen: 593 fit: -94 chromo: to be .k n.wsto bp khat isitae quextiot.fwheeher tisntotler injtye rinzfte slffekpyfhe slpngmua .bazrowstcf o.eragewud fv.tunew oouto waal armm sgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bp oyprsioqxend thea.qtohdte to ss.ebk nh m re. endfby o goeep to swy wl eni.cthemhexytacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhalkw.
gen: 594 fit: -94 chromo: to be .k n.wyto bp khat isitae que.tiot.fwheeher tisntotler injtye rinzfte slffekpyfhe slpngmua ubaxrowstcf o.gragewud fvdtunew oduto oaal armm cgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad be oyprsioqxend thea.qtohdbe to ssuebk nh mare. endfby h goeep to swy wr eni.cthemhexdtacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhalkd.
gen: 595 fit: -94 chromo: to be .o ntwxto bp lhat isitae que tiot.bwheeher tisntosler injtye simzfte slfxekpzvhe slongmva vbawrowstdf o.uragewud fvstuneu o.mto mael armm vgainstjj sea ofngrorblen aad bh oyprsihqxend theq.qtohdqe to s mebk nh m re. endfby k goeep to swy wc eni.cthemhexotacee an  the tdousptd laturuljfhckkj.
gen: 596 fit: -94 chromo: to be .k n.wmto bp khat isitae queytiot.fwheeher tisntotler injtye rinzfte slffekpyfhe slpngmua ybacrowstcf o..ragewud fvgtunew owuto  abl armm pgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bj oyprsioqxend thea.qtohdfe to ssdebk nh mwre. endfby p goeep to swy w  eni.cthemhex tacee an  the tdousptd laturulzfhalkv.
gen: 597 fit: -94 chromo: to be .o n.wvto bp khat isitae que.tiot.bwheeher tisntotler injtye rinzfte slfxekpyvhe slongmua vba rowssgf o.pragewud fqjtunew otmto faak arm  wgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bs oyprsioqxend thea.qtohd e to ssxebk nh m re. endfby x goeep to swy wl eni.cthemhexxtacee any the tdousntd daturuljbhclkc.
gen: 598 fit: -94 chromo: to be .o n.wvto bp khat isitae que tiot.bwheeher tisntotler injtye tinzfte slffekpyfhe slongmva vbalrowsscf o.zragewub fqqtunew opmto baal armc ngainstij sea ofngrorblen aad by oyprsioquend thea.rtohdze to s debc nh mere.cendfby p gpeep to sxy wh eni.cthemhexltacee an  the thousptd daturulzfhcckh.
gen: 599 fit: -94 chromo: to be .o n.w.to bp khat isitae quewtiot.bwheeher tisntotler injtye tinzfte slffekpyfhe slongmva vbaorowsscf o.zragewub fq tunew oimto jaal armp egainstij sea ofngrorblen aad by oyprsioquend thea.rtohdxe to s yebc nh mgre..endfby n gpeep to sxy wk eni.cthemhexmtacee an  the thousptd daturulzfhcckt.
gen: 600 fit: -93 chromo: to be .o n.wfto bp khat isitae queutiot.bwheeher tisntotler injtye tinzfte slffekpyfhe slongmva vbairowsscf o.zragewub fqttunew oemto vaal armm mgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad by oyprsioquend thea.rtohdte to s webc nh mwre.kendfby u gpeep to sxy wo eni.cthemhex.tacee an  the thousptd daturulzfhcckm.
gen: 601 fit: -93 chromo: to be .o n.wgto bo khat isitae queotiot.fwheeher tisntotler injtye binzfte slffekpyvhe slpngmua vbaorowstcf o.kragewud fvbtuneu oouto saal armm pgainstjj sea ofngrorblen bad b. oiprsipqxend thea.rtohdbe to ssuebk nh mmre. andfby s goeep to swy wp eni.cthemhexltacfe an  the thousptd laturelzfhclkb.
gen: 602 fit: -93 chromo: to be .o n.wyto bo lhat isitae quebtiot.bwheeher tisntosler injtye sinzfte sjffekpyvhe slongmua xbacrowstgf o.uragewud fvytuneu ohuto eaal armm ygainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bf oiprsipqxend thea.rtohdte to ssmerk nh mfre. andfby   goeep to swy wg eni.cthemhexktacfe an  the thousptd laturvlzfhclkn.
gen: 603 fit: -93 chromo: to be .o n.wsto bp khat isitae quegtiot.bwheeher tisntotler injtye tinzfte slffekpyfhe slongmva vbasrowsscf o.zragewub fqatunew ocmto eaal arma pgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad by oyprsioquend thea.rtohdle to s lebc nh mbre.jendfby m gpeep to sxy wa eni.cthemhexctacee an  the thousptd daturulzfhcckn.
gen: 604 fit: -93 chromo: to be .o n.wyto bo lhat isitae quehtiot.bwheeher tisntosler injtye sinzfte sjffekpyvhe slongmua .bacrowstgf o.zragewud fvgtuneu oluto zaal armm rgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad bf oiprsipqxend thea.rtohdve to ssmerk nh mpre. andfby e goeep to swy w. eni.cthemhexntacfe an  the thousptd laturvlzfhclky.
gen: 605 fit: -93 chromo: to be .o n.weto bp khat isitae queitiot.bwheeher tisntotler injtye tinzfte slffekpyfhe slongmva vbaarowsscf o.zragewub fqmtunew otmto oaal armp againstij sea ofngrorblen aad by oyprsioquend thea.rtohdke to s eebc nh mjre.eendfby t gpeep to sxy wy eni.cthemhexqtacee an  the thousptd daturulzfhcckt.
gen: 606 fit: -93 chromo: to be .o n.wgto bp khat isitae queutiot.bwheeher tisntotler injtye tinzfte slffekpyfhe slongmva vbatrowsscf o.zragewub fqstunew ormto  aal armt bgainstij sea ofngrorblen aad by oyprsioquend thea.rtohdfe to s rebc nh mzre.rendfby g gpeep to sxy we eni.cthemhexwtacee an  the thousptd daturulzfhcckx.
gen: 607 fit: -93 chromo: to be .o n.wato bp khat isitae quehtios.bwheeher tisntotler injtye sinzfte sjffekwyvhe slongmva vbaerowstgf o.dragewub fqutuneu otuto daal armg egainstjj sei ofngrobblen aad by oiprsipquend thea.qtohdye to s xebk nh m re. endfby d gpeep to sxy wy eni.cthemhexltacfe an  the thousntd laturuljfhclkz.
gen: 608 fit: -93 chromo: to be .o n.wnto bo khat isitae quevtiot.fwheeher tisntotler injtye sinzfte slffekpyvhe slongmvahvbawrowstgf o.uragewud fvutuner oputo saal arm. ogainstjj sea ofngrorblen aad by oiprsioquend thea.rtohd.e to s iebc nh mqre. endfby j gpeep to sxy wz eni.cthemhexptacee an  the thousntd daturulzfhcckw.
gen: 609 fit: -93 chromo: to be .o n.wrto bp khat isitae quemtiot.fwheeher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekpyvhe slongmua vbaorowssgf o.zragewuh fqutunew obmto faal armq fgainstij sea ofngrorblem aad by oiprsipqxend thea.rtohdae to s herk nh mire. andfby q goeepyto swy wd eni.cthemhexytacee an  the thousptd laturelzfhcckr.
gen: 610 fit: -92 chromo: to be .o n.wqto bp khat isitae queltios.bwheeher tisntotler injtye sinzfte sjffekpyvhe slongmva vbalrowstgf o.jragewub fqttuneu ouuto eaal armm qgainstjj sea ofngrorblen aad by oiprsipquend thea.qtohdfe to s iebk nh mwre. endfby t gpeep to sxy ws eni.cthemhexktacfe an  the thousntd laturulzfhclkw.
gen: 611 fit: -92 chromo: to be .g n.wdto bp khat isitae quedtiot.fwheeher tisntosler injtye sinzfte sjffekpyfhe slongmua vbairowssgf o.zragewuh fqqtunew oemto qaal armd igainstij sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsipyxend thea.rtopdee to s eeak ng mpre. andfby k gpeep to swy wx eni.cthemhexhtacee an  the thousptd daturelzfhcckx.
gen: 612 fit: -92 chromo: to be .o n.wito bp khat isitae quektiot.fwheeher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekpyvhe slongmua vbalrowssgf o.zragewuh fqgtunew oamto oaal armz wgainstij sea ofngrorblem aad by oiprsipqxend thea.rtohdqe to s lerk nh mere. andfby h goeepyto swy wb eni.cthemhexetacee an  the thousptd laturelzfhcckh.
gen: 613 fit: -92 chromo: to be .o n.wlto bp khat isitae quektiot.fwheeher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekpyvhe slongmua vbaxrowssgf o.zragewuh fqltunew opmto faal armv ggainstij sea ofngrorblem aad by oiprsipqxend thea.rtohdye to s lerk nh mxre. andfby d goeepyto swy wz eni.cthemhex.tacee an  the thousptd laturelzfhcckb.
gen: 614 fit: -92 chromo: to be .o n.wuto bp khat isitae quektiot.fwheeher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekpyvhe slongmua vbahrowssgf o.zragewuh fqgtunew owmto oaal armw xgainstij sea ofngrorblem aad by oiprsipqxend thea.rtohdhe to s aerk nh mfre. andfby k goeepyto swy we eni.cthemhexptacee an  the thousptd laturelzfhcckr.
gen: 615 fit: -92 chromo: to be .o n.wvto bo khat isitae quemtios.fwheeher tisntotler injtye sinrfte slffekpyvhe slongmva vbaprowssgf o.zragewud fvrtuner ofuto xaal arif .gainstii sea ofngrorblen aad by oyprsipquend thee.qtogdce to s aebc nh msre. andeby r gneep to sxy wl eni.cthemhexatacfe an  the thousntd laturuljfhkckb.
gen: 616 fit: -91 chromo: to be .g n.wtto bp khat isitae quegtiot.fwheeher tisntosler injtye sinzfte sjffekpyfhe slongmua vbakrowssgf o.zragewuh fqdtunew olmto caal arma tgainstij sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsipyxend thea.rtopdee to s neak ng mxre. andfby o gpeep to swy wx eni.cthemhexztacee an  the thousptd daturelzfhccka.
gen: 617 fit: -91 chromo: to be .g n.wnto bp khat isitae quehtiot.fwheeher tisntosler injtye sinzfte sjffekpyfhe slongmua vbasrowssgf o.zragewuh fqutunew o.mto zaal armz wgainstij sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsipyxend thea.rtopdre to s ceak ng mire. andfby u gpeep to swy ws eni.cthemhexqtacee an  the thousptd daturelzfhccke.
gen: 618 fit: -91 chromo: to be .g n.wdto bp khat isitae quegtiot.fwheeher tisntosler injtye sinzfte sjffekpyfhe slongmua vbazrowssgf o.zragewuh fqktunew ohmto xaal armg jgainstij sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsipyxend thea.rtopdwe to s aeak ng mlre. andfby u gpeep to swy we eni.cthemhexbtacee an  the thousptd daturelzfhcckj.
gen: 619 fit: -91 chromo: to be .o n.wbto bp khat isitae quegtiot.fwheeher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekpyvhe slongmua vbarrowssgf o.zragewuh fqptunew oymto baal arma .gainstij sea ofngrorblem aad by oiprsipqxend thea.rtohd e to s perk nh mfre. andfby p goeepyto swy ww eni.cthemhexatacee an  the thousptd laturelzfhcckb.
gen: 620 fit: -91 chromo: to be .o n.wito bp khat isitae que tiot.fwheeher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekpyvhe slongmua vbadrowssgf o.zragewuh fqftunew ohmto baal arms pgainstij sea ofngrorblem aad by oiprsipqxend thea.rtohdte to s xerk nh mare. andfby o goeepyto swy wp eni.cthemhexdtacee an  the thousptd laturelzfhccky.
gen: 621 fit: -91 chromo: to be .g n.wkto bp khat isitae quegtiot.fwheeher tisntosler injtye sinzfte sjffekpyfhe slongmua vbarrowssgf o.zragewuh fqwtunew oomto oaal armx ngainstij sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsipyxend thea.rtopdge to s veak ng msre. andfby r gpeep to swy wa eni.cthemhexatacee an  the thousptd daturelzfhccka.
gen: 622 fit: -91 chromo: to be .p n.woto bo khat isitae questiot.bwhebher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffukpyfhe slongmuatvbaorowstgf o.vragewud fqxtunew oemto vaal armf ngainstii sea ofngrorblen aed by oiprsipyuend thea.qtohdie to s  ebk no mmre. andfby v cpeep to swy wc eni.cthemhexrtacfe an kthe thousptd laturelzhhcckb.
gen: 623 fit: -91 chromo: to be .o n.whto bo khat isitae queztios.bxhebher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekpyfhe slongmuayvbaerowstgf o..rbgewud fvatuner oqkto daal army vgainstyi sea ofngrorblen aed by oinrsinyuend thea.qtohdce to s rerk no mnre. andfby e cpeep to sxy wq eni.cthemhex.tacee an  the thousptd laturulzhhkckj.
gen: 624 fit: -91 chromo: to be .p n.weto bo khat isitae quettiot.fwhebher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekpyfhe slongmua vbaurowstgf o.yrageoud fqqtunew oouto baal armz tgainstii sea ofngrorblem aed by oiprsipyuend thea.qtohdse to s lebk no mkre. andfby v cneep to sxy wl eni.cthemhexhtacfe an kthe thousptd laturulzhhccku.
gen: 625 fit: -91 chromo: to be .g n.wito bo khat isitae queatiot.ewhebher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekpyfhe slongmuagvba rowstgf o.jrbgexud fvntuner omoto jaal armu igainstyi sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsinyxend thea.rtohdwe to s feak no mwre. andfby l cpeep to swy ww eni.cthemhexytacee an  the thousptd laturulzxhkckc.
gen: 626 fit: -91 chromo: to be .g n.wzto bo khat isitae quemtiot.ewhebher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekpyfhe slongmuajvbafrowstgf o.hrbgexud fvmtuner o.cto gaal arm  pgainstyi sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsinyxend thea.rtohdde to s ueak no mkre. andfby m cpeep to swy wo eni.cthemhexutacee an  the thousptd laturulzxhkcke.
gen: 627 fit: -90 chromo: to be .g n.wsto bo khat isitbe quewtiot.ewdebher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekpyfhe slongmua vbarrowssgf o.nragexud fvhtunew o.mto gaal armz hgainstyi sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsinyxend thea.qtohdne to s ieak no mjre. andfby c cpeep to swy wa eni.cthemhexstacee an  the thousptd la.urulzxhcckz.
gen: 628 fit: -90 chromo: to be .g n.wito bo khat isitbe quegtiot.ewdebher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekpyfhe slongmua vbajrowssgf o.pragexud fvltunew oomto caal armc jgainstyi sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsinyxend thea.qtohdae to s aeak no mqre. andfby i cpeep to swy wx eni.cthemhexstacee an  the thousptd la.urulzxhccke.
gen: 629 fit: -89 chromo: to be .g n.wuto bo khat isitae queptiot.fwhmbher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuamvbawrowstgf o.jragexud fqztuner o lro aaal armj wgainstii sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdwe to s yebk no mtre. andfby y cleep to swy w. eni.cthemhexotacee an  the thousltd laturulzhhkcku.
gen: 630 fit: -89 chromo: to be .g n.wgto bo khat isitae quertiot.bwhebher tisntosleb injtye sinyfte slffekpyvhe slongmuaavbazrowssgf o.nragewud fvgtunew ozoto uaal armr lgainstyi sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsinyxend thea.rtohdae to s weak no mjre. andfby y cleep to sxy wo enk.cthemhexctacfe an  the thousntd laturulzhhcckm.
gen: 631 fit: -89 chromo: to be .g n.wbto bo khat isitae queitiot.bwhebher tisntosleb injtye sinyfte slffekpyvhe slongmuazvba rowssgf o.zragewud fvhtunew oqhto maal arma egainstyi sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsinyxend thea.rtohdze to s peak no mzre. andfby j cleep to sxy wo enk.cthemhexatacfe an  the thousntd laturulzhhcckq.
gen: 632 fit: -89 chromo: to be .g n.wrto bo kgat isitae quejtiot.fwhmbher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekpyfhe slongmuaivbairowstgf o.oragexud fvftuner ongro waal arms hgainstii sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdre to s neak no mgre. andfby c cleep to swy wh eni.cthemhexntacee an  the thousptd laturulzxhkckx.
gen: 633 fit: -89 chromo: to be .g n.wkto bo khat isjtbe quevtiot.fwhebher tisntotler injtye sinzfte slffekpyfhe slongmua vbaurowssgb o.qragewud fqltunew oomto faaltarmt xgainstyi sea ofngrorblen aid by oiprsinyuend thea.qtohdte to s vecc no m.re. andfby y gleep to sxy wc eni.cthemhexjtacfe an  the thousptd laturulzhhkckg.
gen: 634 fit: -89 chromo: to be .g n.woto bo khat isitae quewtiot.bwhebher tisntosleb injtye sinyfte slffekpyvhe slongmuazvba.rowssgf o.uragewud fvftunew ohato faal armo qgainstyi sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsinyxend thea.rtohdae to s peak no myre. andfby h cleep to sxy wj enk.cthemhexatacfe an  the thousntd laturulzhhcckg.
gen: 635 fit: -89 chromo: to be .g n.wgto bo khat isitae quectiot.bwhebher tisntosleb injtye sinyfte slffekpyvhe slongmuauubagrowssgf o.zragewud fvwtunew otwto paal arms  gainstyi sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsinyxend thea.rtohdoe to s ceak no mmre. andfby v cleep to sxy w. enk.cthempexftacfe an  the.thousntd laturulzhhccky.
gen: 636 fit: -89 chromo: to be .g n.wjto bo khat isitae quettiot.fwhmbher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuauvbaxrowstgf o.sragexud fqxtuner ohfro haal armp ygainstii sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdie to s uebk no mwre. andfby k cleep to swy wm eni.cthemhexitacee an  the thousltd laturulzhhkck .
gen: 637 fit: -89 chromo: to be .g n.wsto bo khat isitae quehtiot.bwhebher tisntosleb injtye sinyfte slffekpyvhe slongmuajvbawrowssgf o. ragewud fvntunew ofbto faal armt qgainstyi sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsinyxend thea.rtohdbe to s meak no mire. andfby e cleep to sxy w  enk.cthemhexltacfe an  the thousntd laturulzhhccky.
gen: 638 fit: -88 chromo: to be .g n.wfto bo khat isitae questiot.ewhebher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuamvbahrowstgf o.jragexud fqbtuner oddto eaal arms rgainstii sea ofngrorblem acd ay oiprsin xend thea.rtohdue to s geak no mlre. andfby . cleep to swy wm eni.cthemhexjtacee an  the thousntd laturulzhhkckv.
gen: 639 fit: -88 chromo: to be .g n.wnto bo khat isitae questiot.bwhebher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuanvbasrowssgf o.qragexud fvctunew ohxto vaal armq  gainstyi sea ofngrovblem acd by oiprsinyxend thea.rtohdxe to s aeak no mtre. andfby j cleep to sxy wm enk.cthemhex.tacee an  the thousntd laturulzhhkckl.
gen: 640 fit: -88 chromo: to be .w n.wmto bo khat isitae quettiot.ewhebher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuamvbahrowstgf ozeragexud fqbtuner ointo faal armq .gainstii sea ofngrorblem acd ay oiprsin xend thea.rtohdue to s yeak no mure. andfby x cleep to swy wj eni.cthemhexntacee an  the thousntd laturulzhhkckf.
gen: 641 fit: -88 chromo: to be .g n.wfto bo khat isitbe queatiot.bwhebher tisntotler injtye sinzfte slffekpyvhe slongmuacvbahrowssgf o.gragewud fqxtunew oemto kaap arm. mgajnstyi sea ofngrorblem aid by oiprsinyuend thea.rtohdle to s kecc no mwre. andfby z aleep to sxy wf eni.cthemhewztacee an  the thousltd daturulzhhkckt.
gen: 642 fit: -88 chromo: to be .g n.wtto bo khat isitae que.tiot.bwhebher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuaqvba.rowssgf o.fragexud fvetunew ozlto haal arma ygainstyi sea ofngrovblem acd by oiprsinyxend thea.rtohdxe to s meak no mcre. andfby f cleep to sxy ws enk.cthemhexwtacee an  the thousntd laturulzhhkckj.
gen: 643 fit: -88 chromo: to be .g n.wato bo khat isitae que.tiot.ewhebher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuahvbanrowstgf o.eragexud fq.tunew oahto zaal armw .gainstii sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdle to s yebk no mrre. andfby i cleep to sxy ws enk.cthemhexmtacfe an  the thousntd laturulzhhkckn.
gen: 644 fit: -88 chromo: to be .g n.wuto bo khat isitae queltiot.ewhebher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuanvbamrowstgf o.lragexud fqbtunew oemto xaal armr egainstii sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohd.e to s webk no mwre. andfby l cleep to sxy wq enk.cthemhexdtacfe an  the thousntd laturulzhhkckl.
gen: 645 fit: -88 chromo: to be .g n.woto bo  hat isitae quettiot.vwhebher tisxtosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuatvbaprowsxgf o.vragexud fqltuner ortto eaal arma hgainstii sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdze to s xeak no more. andfby m cleep to sxy wg enk.cthemhex.tacee an  the thousntd laturul.hhkckr.
gen: 646 fit: -88 chromo: to be .g n.wwto bo  hat isitae quentiot.vwhebher tisjtosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuayvbaxrowsxgf o.jragexud fqmtuner otpto  aal armv ygainstii sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdxe to s jeak no mhre. andfby q cleep to sxy ww enk.cthemhexgtacee an  the thousntd laturul.hhkckl.
gen: 647 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.whto bo khat isitae quejtiot.bwhebher tisfxosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuanvbavrowssgf o.jragexud fvctunew owjto laal armf rgainstyi sea ofnhrovblem acd by oiprsinyxend thea.rtohdce to s ieak no mtre. andfby i cleep to sxy w  enk.cthemhexwtacee an  the thousntd laturulzhhkcks.
gen: 648 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wwto bo khat isitae quevtiot.bwhebher tismxosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuasvbahrowssgf o.tragexud fvktunew ogato kaal armv fgainstyi sea ofnhrovblem acd by oiprsinyxend thea.rtohdme to s geak no mere. andfby g cleep to sxy wg enk.cthemhexgtacee an  the thousntd laturulzhhkckk.
gen: 649 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wsto bo khat isitae quejtiot.bwhebher tismxosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeua.vbajrowssgf o.uragexud fvatunew oxato raal armt lgainstyi sea ofnhrovblem acd by oiprsinyxend thea.rtohdke to s deak no msre. andfby b cleep to sxy wr enk.cthemhexptacee an  the thousntd laturulzhhkcka.
gen: 650 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wcto bo  hat isitae queptiot.vwhebher tisntosler injtye sinzfte s.ffekoyfhe slongmuajvbairowsxgf o.bragexud fqdtuner oy to oaal armq wgainstii sea ofpgrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdoe to s jeak no mrre. andfby r cleep to swy ws eni.cthemhexgtacee an  the thousltd laturulzhhkcko.
gen: 651 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wuto bo  hat isitae queotiot.vwhebher tisntosler injtye sinzfte s.ffekoyfhe slongmua.vbaprowsxgf o.uragexud fqktuner oifto oaal armk sgainstii sea ofpgrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohd e to s feak no mqre. andfby g cleep to swy wk eni.cthemhexgtacee an  the thousltd laturulzhhkckf.
gen: 652 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wjto bo khat isitae quejtiot.bwhebher tisnxosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuaxvbakrowssgf o.tragexud fvwtunew oeyto eaal armh jgainstyi sea ofnhrovblem acd by oiprsinyxend thea.rtohd.e to s ceak no mnre. andfby y cleep to sxy wn enk.cthemhexttacee an  the thousntd laturulzhhkcka.
gen: 653 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wlto bp  hat isitie quextiot.bwhebher tisnthsler inityensinzfte s.ffekpyfhe slongmuasvbajrowssgf o. ragexud fqztuner omsto iaal armu ngainstii sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohd e to s ieak no mrre. andfby u cleep to sxy wa eni.cthemhex tacee an  the thousntd laturulzhhkckp.
gen: 654 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wdto bo  hat isitae quejtiot.vwhebher tisntosler injtye sinzfte s.ffekoyfhe slongmuaxvbaerowsxgf o.sragexud fqwtuner oji.o oaal armp lgainstii sea ofpgrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdie to s ueak no msre. andfby i cleep to swy wf eni.cthemhexstacee an  the thousltd laturulzhhkckr.
gen: 655 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wcto bo  hat isitae que tiot.vwhebher tisutosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuabvbakrowsxgf o..ragexud fqgtuner o.eto haal arme kgainstii sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdoe to s deak no mare. andfby . cleep to sxy wl enk.cthemhex tacee an  the thousntd laturul.hhkckl.
gen: 656 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n wdto bo  hat isitae quejtiot.ewhebher tiszxosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhu slongmuagvbalrowsxgf o.zragexud fqdtuner oeyto paal armh ugainstii sea ofmgrorblem acd by oaprsin xend thea.rtohdoe to s meak no mbre. andfby w cleep to sxy wk enk.cthemhexatacee an  the thousntd laturul.hhkckw.
gen: 657 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wgto bo khat isitae quehtiot.ewhebher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuazvbazrowstgf o.uragexud fqntunew olnto naal armc kgainstii sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdte to s cebk no mpre. andfby e cleep to sxy wy enk.cthemhexjtacfe an  the thousntd laturulzhhkck .
gen: 658 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wmto bo khat isitae queotiot.vwhebher tisetosler injtye sinzhte slffekoyfhe slongmuabvbaqrowsxgf o.rragexud fqptuner osmto haal armr egainstii sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdxe to s leak no mfre. andfby g cleep tp sxy wv enk.sthemhexmtacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkcka.
gen: 659 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.whto bo khat isitae queotiot.vwhebher tis tosler injtye sinzhte slffekoyfhe slongmuafvbalrowsxgf o.kragexud fqgtuner ojwto maal armh .gainstii sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdke to s geak no mxre. andfby z cleep tp sxy wp enk.sthemhex.tacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkcke.
gen: 660 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wjto bo khat isitae quettiot.ewhebher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuabvbasrowstgf o.lragexud fqatunew oeeto laal arm  .gainstii sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdwe to s xebk no mwre. andfby n cleep to sxy wv enk.cthemhexqtacfe an  the thousntd laturulzhhkcke.
gen: 661 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wuto bo khat isitae queitiot.vwhebher tisrtosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuacvba rowsxgf o.uragexud fqutuner olnto  aal armu ygainstii sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdle to s zeak no mcre. andfby t cleep to sxy wp enk.cthemhexrtacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkckw.
gen: 662 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.weto bo khat isitae queitiot.vwhebher tisqtosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuavvbaorowsxgf o.aragexud fq.tuner o nto jaal armb rgainstii sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdre to s feak no mvre. andfby a cleep to sxy wm enk.cthemhexetacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkckz.
gen: 663 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wbto bo khat isitae quehtiot.vwhebher tisstosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuauvbarrowsxgf o.eragexud fqktuner omhto naal armb hgainstii sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdoe to s heak no mgre. andfby q cleep to sxy wt enk.cthemhexltacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkcku.
gen: 664 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wjto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tisrtosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuasvbairowsxgf o.lragexud fqxtuner olqto yaal armq pgainstii sea ofngrorjlem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdge to s xeak no mvre. andfby j cleep to sxy we enk.cthemhexetacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkckq.
gen: 665 fit: -87 chromo: to be  g n.wtto bo khat isitae que tiot.vwhebher tisetosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuavvbarrowsxgf o.uragexud fqqtuner odito caal armh mgainstij sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdye to s yeak no mure. andfby h cleep to sxy wp enk.cthemhexltacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkckg.
gen: 666 fit: -87 chromo: to be  g n.weto bo khat isitae que tiot.vwhebher tisztosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuadvbalrowsxgf o.gragexud fqptuner okuto saal armu cgainstij sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdse to s ueak no mtre. andfby t cleep to sxy wb enk.cthemhexwtacee an  theythousntd laturul.xhkckw.
gen: 667 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.whto bo khat isitae quedtiot.vwhebher tisptosler injtye sinzhte slffekoyfhe slongeuavvbaqrowssgf o.qragexud fqhtunew oqnto caal arma againstii sea ofngrovblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdie to s lebk no mfre. andfby   cleep to txy wj enk.cthemhexetacee an  the thousntd laturulzxhkckf.
gen: 668 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wjso bk  hat isitae que.tiot.vwhedheq tisdtosler injtye sinzfte skffekoyfhe slongmuavvbafrowsxgf o.bragexud fqztuner oelto uaal armk lgainstij sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdbe to s geak no msre. andfby o aleep to sxy wl eni.cthemhexktacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkckh.
gen: 669 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wrto bp khat isitae quettiot.bwhebher tisntosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeua.vbajrowssgf o.yragexud fvctunew oiyto eaal armt cgainstii sea ofngrovblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdne to s beak no m.re. andfby c cleep to sxy we enk.cthemhexbtacee an  the thousntd laturulzxhkcko.
gen: 670 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wgto bo khat isitae questiot.vwhebher tisztosler injtye sinzhte slffekoyfhe slongmuazvba.rowsxgf o.mragexud fqwtuner opbto zaal armv wgainstii sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdne to s febk no mure. andfby i cleep to sxy wa enk.sthemhexvtacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkckj.
gen: 671 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wrto bo khat isitae quegtiot.bwhebher tisvtosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuaavbajrowssgf o.rragexud fvftunew oanto baal armx fgainstyi sea ofngrovblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdqe to s deak no mqre. andfby y cleep to sxy ww enk.cthemhexotacee an  the thousntd laturulzxhkcks.
gen: 672 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.whto bo khat isitae quehtiot.vwhebher tis.tosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuaqvbanrowsxgf o.xragexud fqztuner ownto yaal arm  ngainstii sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdge to s heak no mire. andfby n cleep to sxy wu enk.cthemhexotacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkckn.
gen: 673 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wpto bo khat isitae quevtiot.vwhebher tisfxosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuaxvbaurowsxgf o.gragexud fvltunew ozsto uaal armo igainstii sea ofngrovblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdxe to s ieak no mure. anhfby o cleep to sxy ws enk.cthemhexwtacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkckh.
gen: 674 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n. nto bo khat isitae questkot.bwhebher tisztosler injtye sinzfte sdffekoyfhe slongmuanvbadrowssgf o.aragexud fq.tuner olfto saal armp ecainstji sea ofnhrovblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtogdee to s qeak no mkre. andeby z cleep to sxy wz enk.cthemhexmtacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkckr.
gen: 675 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wrto bo khat isitae queltiot.vwhebher tisxtosler injtye sinznte slffekoyvhe slongeqayvbakrowssgf o.oragexud fvltunew o. to laal armr igainstii sea ofngrovblem add by oiprsin xfnd thea.rtohdwe to s eeak no mkre. andfby r cleep to sxy wd enk.cthemhexbtacee an  the thousjtd laturulzxhkckk.
gen: 676 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.w to bo khat isitae queitiot.vwhebher tisqtosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuasvbafrowsxgf o.lragexud fq tuner oymto iaal armf ngainstii sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohd.e to s leak no mure. andfby i cleep to sxy wa enk.cthemhexutacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkcki.
gen: 677 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.rjto bo khat isitae queptiot.vwhebher tisrtosler injtye sinzbte slffekoyfhe slongmuayvbaorowssgf o.cragexud fqmtunew oidto qabl armt ugainstii sea ofngrovblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdme to s beak nosmyre. anhfby u cleep to sxy wr enk.cthemhexatacee an  the thousntd laturultxhkcks.
gen: 678 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wwto bo khat isjtae queatiot.vwhebher tisktosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuaovba.rowssgf o.irahexud fqetuner owgto taal arml hgainstii sea ofngrovblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtofdbe to s deak no mbre. andfby   cleep to sxy we enk.cthemhexxtacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkcko.
gen: 679 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wato bo khat isitae queetiot.bwhebher tisrtosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuaqvbalqowssgf o.kragexud fvltunew ozkto faal armk igainstii sea ofngrovblem add by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdme to s neak no mtre. andfby f cleep to sxy wp enk.cthemhexxtacee ano the shousntd laturulzxhkcka.
gen: 680 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g nqwdto bo ihat isitae queutiot.bwhebher tisrtosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuamvbaprowssgf o.oragexud fvitunewkozbto labl armh igainstyi sea ofngrovblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohd.e to s peak no mzre. andfby j cleep to sxy wq enk.cthemhexvtacee an  the thousntd laturultxhkckg.
gen: 681 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wbto bo khat isitae quertiot.bwhebher tishtosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbatrowssgf o.fragexud fvbtunew opoto waal armx ngainstyi sea ofngrovblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdge to s veak no mvre. andfby   cleep to sxy wy enk.cthemhexmtacee an  the thousntd laturulzxhkckk.
gen: 682 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wbto bp khat isitae quedtiot.vwhebher tisqtosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuakvbaurowssgf o.yragexud fvntunej objto daad armz xgainstii sea ofngrovblem add by oiprsin xend thea.rtohd.e to s jeak no mare. andfby j cleep to shy wp enk.cthemhexstacee an  the thousntd laturulzxhkckk.
gen: 683 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wyto bo khat isitae queotiot.swhebher tisptosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuawvbairowssgh o.nrahexud fqetuner oiito iabl armt againstii sea ofngrovblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtofdre to s  eak no msre. andfby   cleep to sxy wf enk.cthemhexmtacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkcka.
gen: 684 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wxto bo khat isitae quejtiot.vwhebher tisdtosler injtxe sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuauvbajrowssgf o.iragexud fq.tuner oi to qaal arma cgainstyi sea ofxgrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtofdhe to s keak no mire. andfby a cleep to sxy wv enk.ctfemhexctacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkck .
gen: 685 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wlto bo khat isitae queptiot.bwhebher tisetosler injtye sinzfte skffekoyfhe slongeuafvbabrowssgf o.vragexud fuctunew oroto faal armo sgainstyk sea ofngrovblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdxe to s oeak no mpre. andfby l cleep to sxy wt enk.cthemhexotacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkckk.
gen: 686 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wbto bp khat isitae queotiot.vwhebher tisjtosler injtpe sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmua.vbaprowssgf o. ragexud fyjtuner obito saab armm ugainstii sea ofogrorblem add by omprsin xend thea.rtohdce to s teak no mare. andfby j cleep to sxy wa enk.ctheohexktacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkckw.
gen: 687 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wzto bp khat isitae queltiot.vwhebher tis.tosler injtne sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuafvbahrowssgf o.vragexud frgtuner om.to vaal armw pgainstii sea ofqgrorblem add by omprsin xend thea.rtohdme to s.xeak no mvre. andfby r cleep to sxy wl enk.atheohexdtacee an  the thousntd leturul.xhkckv.
gen: 688 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wuto bp khat isitae quektiot.vwhebher tiswtosler injt e sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongmuazvbaerowssgf o. ragexud fyatuner oqito  aab armm wgainstii sea offgrorblem add by omprsin xend thea.rtohdje to s yeak no mrre. andfby g cleep to sxy wh enk.ctheohexptacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkcks.
gen: 689 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wnto bo khat isitae queatiot.vwhebher tisstosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuacvba rowssgf o.nragexud fvdtunew ojjto waal armx  gainstii sea ofngrorblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdhe to s teak no m re. andfby d cleep to shy wkyenk.cthemhexztacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkckx.
gen: 690 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wlto bo khat isitae queltiot.bwhebher tisrtosler injtye sinzfte skffekoyfhe slongeuajvbayrowssgf o.eragexud fujtunew ozvto iaal armq againstyk sea ofngrovblem acd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdje to s teak no mnre. andfby x cleep to sxy wa enk.cthemhexrtacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkcka.
gen: 691 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wvto bo khat isitae queptiot.vwhebher tisltosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuaivbaorowssgf o.mragexud fvvtunew oe to gaal armm dgainstii sea ofngrovblem add by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdle to s ueak no mare. andfby l cleep to shy wa enk.athemhexctacee an  the thousntd laturulzxhkckc.
gen: 692 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wcto bo khat isitae quettiot.vwhebher tisbrosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuaevbatrowscgf o.cragexud fvhtunew ovnto gaal arm  egainstii sea ofngrorblem add by oiprsin xend tgea.rtohdme to s reak no mcre. andfby q cleep to shy wn enktcthemhexqtacee an  the thousntt laturulzxhockf.
gen: 693 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wqto bo khat isitae queatiot.vwhebher tisxtosler injtye sinzfte skffekoyfhe slongeuarvbasrowstgf o.pragehud fvqtuneb oqbto laal armr ogainstii sea oftgrovblem abd by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdre to s geal no msre. andfby s cleep to sxy wh enk.cthemhexjtacea an  the thousntt laturulzxhkcku.
gen: 694 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wlto bo khat isitae quewtiot.vwhebher tiserosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuagvbatrowscgf o.rragexud fvbtunew oedto baal armw lgainstii sea ofngrorblem add by oiprsin xend thea.rtopdce to s aeak no mwre. andfby v cleep to shy wm eno.athemhexttacee an  the thousntt laturulzxhockg.
gen: 695 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.weto bp khat isitae quertiot.vwhebher tisgtosler injt e sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuaivbalrowssgf o hragexud fyvtunew otqto iaal armo sgainstii sea ofmgrorblem add by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdye to s ieak no mire. andfby e cleep to shy wp enk.cthemhex tacee an  the thousntd laturul.xhkckx.
gen: 696 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wqto bo khat isitqe que tiot.bwhebher tis.tosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeualvbavrowssgf o.rragexud fvwtunew oaeto gaal armf igainstii sea ofngrovblem add by oiprsin xend thea.rtohd.e to s yeak no mhre. bndfby l cleep to shy wn enk.cthemhexrtacee an  the thousntd laturul xhkckb.
gen: 697 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wjto bo khat isitae queutiot.vwhebher tisztosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuaxvbagrowssgf o.gragexuh fvutunev otpto iaal armq cgainstii sea ofngrovblem add by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdte to szueak no mhre. andfby q cleep to sxy w. enk.athemhex tacee an  the thousntd laturulzxhkckp.
gen: 698 fit: -87 chromo: to be .g n.wyto bo khat isitae quedtiot.vwhebher tislrosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuagvbaprowscgf o.dragexud fvctunew oeoto uaal army vgainstii sea ofngrorblem add by oiprsin xend thea.rtopdqe to s ieak no mlre. andfby t aleep to shy w. eno.athemhexetacee an  the thousntt laturulzxhocks.
gen: 699 fit: -87 chromo: to be .w n.wsto bo khat isitae quektiot.vwhebher tisdrosler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuaovbafrowscgf o.oragexud fvptunew oefto kaal armg ngainstii sea ofngrorblem add by oiprsin xend thea.rtopdwe to s yeak no mzre. andfdy n cleep to shy we eno.athemhexztacee an  the thousntt laturulzxhockx.
gen: 700 fit: -86 chromo: to be .g n.woto bo khat isitae suewtiot.vwhebher tism.osler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuayvbaxrowssgf o.jragexud fvrtunew ovtto caal armv zgainstii sea ofngrorblem add by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdie to s feal no mtre. andfby . cleep to shy w. enk.athemhexktacee an  the thousntd laturulzxhocke.
gen: 701 fit: -86 chromo: to be .g n.woto bo khat isitae queptiot.vwhebher tisr.osler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuadvbajrowssgf o.qragexut fvgtunew ofsto .aal armt ygainstii sea ofngrorblem add by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdie to s real no mwre. andfby c cleep to shy wq enk.athemhexytacee an  the thousntd laturulzxhocku.
gen: 702 fit: -86 chromo: to be .g n.wfto bo khat isitae quertiot.vwhebher tis .osler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuaqvbamrowssgf o.tragexut fvetunew okxto baal armk ggainstii sea ofngrorblem add by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdne to s ceal no more. andfby   cleep to shy wy enk.athemhex.tacee an  the thousntd laturulzxhockv.
gen: 703 fit: -86 chromo: to be .g n.wfto bo khat isitae quevtiot.vwhebher tiss.osler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuasvbayrowssgf o.gragexut fv.tunew odato zaal armd lgainstii sea ofngrorblem add by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdce to s .eal no m re. andfby u cleep to shy wo enk.athemhexltacee an  the thousntd laturulzxhocks.
gen: 704 fit: -86 chromo: to be .g n.wito bo  hat isitae que tiot.vwhebher tisotosler injtve sinzfte slbfekoynhe slongeuahvbajrowssgf o.cragexud fvutunew okkto lael armj .gainstii sea ofngrovblem add by oiprsin xend thea.rtopd e to s feak no m re. andfby j cleep to shy ww enk.atheohex.tacee an  the thousntd jaturul xhocko.
gen: 705 fit: -86 chromo: to be .g n.slto bo khat isitae que tiot.vwhebher tisdtosler injtee sinzete slffekoynhe slongeuasvbaurowssgf o.bragexud fvhtunew ocpto tael armf rgainstii sea ofngrovblem add by oiprsin xend thea.ttohd.e to s meak no m.re. andfby f cleep to shy wu enk.athemhexstacee an  the thousntd paturulzxhockx.
gen: 706 fit: -86 chromo: to be .g n.wato bo  hat isitae quektiot.vwhebher tisutosler injtwe sinzfte slffekoynhe slongeuaqvbayrowssgf o.gragexud fvgtunew ocutg  ael armq wgainstii sea ofngrorblem add by oiprsin xend thea.qtohdge to s seak no mvre. andfby g cleep to shy wv enk.athekhexqtacee an  the thousntd jaturul xhockv.
gen: 707 fit: -86 chromo: to be .g n.weto bo khat isitae queqtiot.vwhebher tisftosler injtye sinzfte slffekoynhe slongeuacvbadrowssgf o.qragexud fvktunew othto laal armz ggainstii sea ofngrovblem add by oiprsin xend thea.qtopdse to s ceak no mlre.yandfby e cleep to shy wn enk.atheohexntacee an  the thousntd laturwl xhockn.
gen: 708 fit: -86 chromo: to be .g n.wxto bo  hat isitae quertiot.vwhebher tisb.osler injtye sinzfte slbfekoynhe slongeuahvbagrowssgf o.bragexut fvvtunew o..to wael armf pgainstii sea ofngrorblem add by oiprsin xend thea.rtopdke to s eeal no mzre. andfby.j cleep to shy wg enk.atheohex.tacee an  the thousntd laturul xhocki.
gen: 709 fit: -86 chromo: to be .g n.w to bo khat isytae quettiot.vwhebher tism.osler injtde sinzfte slffekoynhe slongeuadvbagrowssgf o.cragexud fvgtunew omjto jaal army cgainstim sea ofngrorblem add ay oiprsin xend thea.qtohdde to s geak no mvre. andfby c cleep to.shy w  enk.athemhexltacee an  the thousntd jaturul xhockk.
gen: 710 fit: -86 chromo: to be .g n.wito bo khat isitae quejtiot.vwhebher tiso.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuavvbazrowssgf o.vragexud fvctunew o bto vaal armm zgainstim sea ofngrovblem add by okprsin xend thea.rtogdee to s qeak no mtre. andfby n cleep to shy wl enk.athemhexstacee an  the thousntd laturul xhocki.
gen: 711 fit: -85 chromo: to be .g n.wpto bo khat isitae que tiot.vwhebher tis..osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuaivbabrowssgf o.sragexud fvatunew oddto qaal armq ugainstim sea ofngrovblem add by okprsin xend thea.rtogdoe to s eeak no mhre. andfby n cleep to shy wo enk.athemhexptacee an  the thousntd laturul xhockq.
gen: 712 fit: -85 chromo: to be .g n.w to bo khat isitae quectiot.vwhebher tisp.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuamvbahrowssgf o.qragexud fvdtunew oalto baal armm ggainstim sea ofngrovblem add by okprsin xend thea.rtogdie to s feak no mpre. andfby n cleep to shy wa enk.athemhexltacee an  the thousntd laturul xhockm.
gen: 713 fit: -85 chromo: to be .g n.w.to bo khat isitae queptiot.vwhebher tisx.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuamubahrowssgf o.lragexud fvvtunew oezto haal armh ogainstim sea ofngrovblem acd by okprsin xend thea.rtohd e to s jeak no m re. andfby n cleep to shy wb enk.athemhexhtacee an  the thousntd laturul xhockh.
gen: 714 fit: -84 chromo: to be .g n.wyto bo khat isitae quettiot.vwhebher tiss.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuajvbatrowssgf o.eragexud fvftunew oluto kaal armf vgainstim sea ofngrovblem add by oiprsin xend thea.rtohdoe to s geak no mnre. andfby n cleep to shy wu enk.athemhexbtacee an  the thousntd laturul xhockh.
gen: 715 fit: -84 chromo: to be .g n.wrto bo khat isitae queptiot.vwhebher tism.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuajvbavrowssgf o.rragexud fvctunew oxato oaal armb pgainstim sea ofngrovblem acd by okprsin xend thea.rtohdse to s aeak no mdre. andfby n cleep to shy wi enk.athemhexytacee an  the thousntd laturul xhockc.
gen: 716 fit: -84 chromo: to be .g n.wsto bo khat isitae queytiot.vwhebher tisv.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuayvbalrowssgf o.tragexud fvttunew oocto yaal arms zgainstim sea ofngrovblem add by okprsin xend thea.rtogdje to s leak no mmre. andfby n cleep to shy wr enk.athemhexdtacee an  the thousntd laturul xhockx.
gen: 717 fit: -84 chromo: to be gg n.wwto bo khat isitae quehtiot.vwhefher tish.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuaavbajrowssgf o.rragexud fvhtunew o.bto yaal armt againstim sea ofngrovblem add by okprsin xend thea.rtohdze to s leak no mrre. andfby n cleep to shy wx enk.athemhexitacee an  the thousntd laturul thocki.
gen: 718 fit: -84 chromo: to be tg n.wxto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhefher tish.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbanrows gf o.cragexud fv tunew oicto sabl armf ogainstim sea ofngrovblem add by okprsin xend thea.ttohdde to s seak no mire. andfby n cleep to shy wg enk.athemhexntacee an  the thousntd laturul thockf.
gen: 719 fit: -84 chromo: to be wg n.anto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tiso.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbadrows gf o.zragexud fvttunew obmto kaal arma rgainstim sea ofngrovblem acd by okprsin xend thea.rtohdze to s jeak no mnre. andfby n cleep to shy wh enk.athemhexvtacee an  the thousntd laturul xhockd.
gen: 720 fit: -84 chromo: to be xg n.wpto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhefher tisf.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbaarows gf o.xragexud fvntunew od to vabl armt againstim sea ofngrovblem add by okprsin xend thea.ttohd e to s ieak no mure. andfby n cleep to shy wb enk.athemhexmtacee an  the thousntd laturul thockm.
gen: 721 fit: -84 chromo: to be gg n.whto bo khat isitae quebtiod.vwhefher tisv.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbabrowssgf o.sragexud fvttunew o xto paal armq ogainstim sea ofngrovblem add by okprsin xend thea.rtohdge to s deak no mkre. andfby n cleep to shy wv enk.athemhexetacee an  the thousntd laturul thocks.
gen: 722 fit: -84 chromo: to be zg n.d.to bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tisi.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbazrows gf o..ragexud fvwtunew oujto faal armp  gainstim sea ofngrovblem acd by okprsin xend thea.rtohdye to s ceak no mwre. andfby n cleep to shy wh enk.athemhexltacee an  the thousntd laturul xhockd.
gen: 723 fit: -84 chromo: to be jg n.rnto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tism.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbalrows gf o.mragexud fvytunew omuto zaal armj  gainstim sea ofngrovblem acd by okprsin xend thea.rtohdpe to s ceak no mrre. andfby n cleep to shy wa enk.athemhex.tacee an  the thousntd laturul xhock..
gen: 724 fit: -84 chromo: to be lg n.wvto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhefher tisk.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbaerows gf o.dragexud fvjtunew onbto xabl armt wgainstim sea ofngrovblem add by okprsin xend thea.ttohdue to s ieak no mmre. andfby n cleep to shy ww enk.athemhexotacee an  the thousntd laturul thockg.
gen: 725 fit: -84 chromo: to be xg n.uwto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tisv.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbadrows gf o.iragexud fvttunew oo to aaal armb tgainstim sea ofngrovblem acd by okprsin xend thea.rtohdke to s feak no mbre. andfby n cleep to shy wv enk.athemhexstacee an  the thousntd laturul xhockn.
gen: 726 fit: -84 chromo: to be mg n.woto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhefher tisb.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbayrows gf o.pragexud fvttunew op.to aabl armr fgainstim sea ofngrovblem add by okprsin xend thea.ttohdze to s deak no mhre. andfby n cleep to shy wo enk.athemhexltacee an  the thousntd laturul thockv.
gen: 727 fit: -84 chromo: to be ug n.wzto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhefher tisr.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbakrows gf o.rragexud fvptunew oqkto vabl armv lgainstim sea ofngrovblem add by okprsin xend thea.ttohdue to s leak no more. andfby n cleep to shy wp enk.athemhexmtacee an  the thousntd laturul thockp.
gen: 728 fit: -84 chromo: to be hg n.wqto bo khat isitae quemtiot.vwhefher tise.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbatrows gf o.pragexud fvutunew ozrto gabl armj hgainstia sea ofngrovblem add by okprsin xend thea.ttohdee to s .eakyno mkre. andfby n cleep to shy wu enk.athemhexhtacee an  the thousntd laturul thockk.
gen: 729 fit: -84 chromo: to be .g n.wrto bo khat isitqe quettiot.vwhebher tiso.osler inltye sinzfta slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbacrows gf o.vragexud fvltunew ouito caal arms jgainstjy sea ofngrovblem acd by okprsin xend thea.rtohdse so s ieak no mhre. andfby n cleep to shy wu enk.athemhexftacee an  the thousjtd .aturul thocko.
gen: 730 fit: -84 chromo: to be ng n.xgto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tisi.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbakrows gf o.zragexud fvntunew ozkto gaal army vgainstim sea ofngrovblem acd by okprsin xend thea.rtohdve to s teak no mgre. andfby n cleep to shy wd enk.athemhexbtacee an  the thousntd laturul xhocko.
gen: 731 fit: -84 chromo: to be bg n.wqto bo khat isitae queatiot.vwhebher tish.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbairows gf o.gragexud fvptunew otsto waal armz qgainstim sea ofngrovblem acd by okpbsin xend thea.rtohdqe to s ueak no mhre. andfby n cleep to shy wo enk.athemhexwtacee an  the thousntd laturul thockm.
gen: 732 fit: -84 chromo: to be dg n.wqto bo khat isitae quectiot.vwhefher tisz.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbalrowssgf o.zragexud fvstunew obuto maal armj ugainstim sea ofngrovblem add by okprsin xend thea.rtohdpe to s  eak no more. andfby n cleep to shy wa enk.athemhexstacee an  the thousntd laturul shockd.
gen: 733 fit: -84 chromo: to be sg n.a.to bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tisf.osler inltye sinzfta slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbarrows gf o.urqgexud fvotunex oynto qaal armp cgainsti. see ofngrovblem acd by okprsin hend thea.rtohdhe to s seak no mmre. andfby v cleep to shy wf enk.athemhewztacee an  the thousntd .aturul shockc.
gen: 734 fit: -84 chromo: to be pg n.wato bo khat isitae questiot.vwhebher tisj.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbakrows gf o.gragexud fv.tunew oxlto waal armb igainstim sea ofngrovblem acd by okpbsin xend thea.rtohdpe to s  eak no msre. andfby n cleep to shy wf enk.athemhexmtacee an  the thousntd laturul thockd.
gen: 735 fit: -84 chromo: to be gg n.wcto bo khat isitae queptiot.vwhebher tis .osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbacrows.gf o.nragexud fvltunez oozto faap armq ngainstim sea ofpgroubleo acd by okprsin xenc thea.qtohdfe to s aeak no mlre. andfby n cleep to shy wx enk.athemhex.tacee aj  the thousntd laturuj thockd.
gen: 736 fit: -84 chromo: to be qg n. rto bo khat isitae quejtiot.vwhefher tisb.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbasrows gf o.sragexud fvutunew obsto nabk armt zgainstim sea ofngrovblem acd by okprsin wend thea.rtohdbe tp s teak no mzre. andfby n cleep to shy wv eno.athemhewxtacee an  the thousntd laturul shockt.
gen: 737 fit: -83 chromo: to be cg n.m.to bo khat isitaeuqueztiot.vwhefher tis..osler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbaurows gf o.hragexud fvktunew o.jto iabl armn pgainstim sea ofngroublem acd by olprsin xend thea.rtohdbe to s qeak no mire. andfby n cleep to shy wb eno.athemhexatacee an  the thousntd laturul shocky.
gen: 738 fit: -83 chromo: to be qg n.ndto bo khat isitaeoqueztiot.vwhefher tisp.osler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbaurows gf o.nragexud fvxtunew oszto kabl army qgainstim sea ofngroublem acd by olprsin xend thea.rtohdee to s heak no msre. andfby n cleep to shy wt eno.athemhexqtacee an  the thousntd laturul shockl.
gen: 739 fit: -83 chromo: to be lg n.i.to bo khat isitaeyqueztiot.vwhefher tisx.osler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbaarows gf o.lragexud fvqtunew oeuto habl armn bgainstim sea ofngroublem acd by olprsin xend thea.rtohdge to s veak no mcre. andfby n cleep to shy wd eno.athemhexytacee an  the thousntd laturul shockg.
gen: 740 fit: -83 chromo: so be mg n..kto bo khat isitaekqueztiot.vwhefher tisk.osler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbairows gf o.fragexud fvntunew o xto kabl armg xgainstim sea ofngroublem acd by olprsin xend thea.rtohdwe to s beak no mure. andfby n cleep to shy wp eno.athemhexjtacee an  the thousntd jaturul shockf.
gen: 741 fit: -83 chromo: to be sg n.weto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tisy.osler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slonoeuauvbanrows gf o.mragexuh fvntunew o oto aabl arm. againstim sea ofngroublem acd by olprsin xend thee.rtohd.e to s  eak no mxre. andfby n cleep to shy ws eno.athemhew tacee an  the thousatd laturul shockb.
gen: 742 fit: -83 chromo: to be dg n.wtto bo khat isitae quehtiot.fwhebher tisn.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbaxrows gf o.sragexud fvftunew omxto fabk armu egainstim sea ofngrovblem acd by okpbsin xend thea.rtohdae to s  eak no mere. andfby n cleep to shy wy enk.athemhexetacee an  the thousntd katurul thocky.
gen: 743 fit: -83 chromo: to be wg n. bto bo khat isitae queitiot.vwhebher tisw.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbatrows gf o.bragexud fvqtunew onhto waak armn againstim sea ofngrovblem acd by okprsin xend thea.rtohdle to s zebk no mzre. andfby v sleep to shy wk enk.ithewhexttaceesan  the thousntd .aturul shockm.
gen: 744 fit: -83 chromo: to be gg n. sto bo khat isitae quectiot.vwhebher tisv.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbatrows gf o.iragexud fvntunew osmto waak armq  gainstim sea ofngrovblem acd by okprsin xend thea.rtohdte to s bebk no mkre. andfby v sleep to shy wz enk.itheohex taceesan  the thousntd .aturul shockm.
gen: 745 fit: -83 chromo: to be zg n. wto bo khat isitae quebtiot.vwhebher tisw.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbaarows gf o.tragexud fvbtunew of to waak armj againstim sea ofngrovblem acd by okprsin xend thea.rtohdye to s qebk no mnre. andfby v sleep to shy wp enk.ithebhexltaceesan  the thousntd .aturul shockm.
gen: 746 fit: -83 chromo: to be eg n. vto bo khat isitae quentiot.vwhebher tisg.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbadrows gf o.jragexud fvutunew oqjto waak armq egainstim sea ofngrovblem acd by okprsin xend thea.rtohdje to s jebk no mtre. andfby v sleep to shy wu enk.ithechexptaceesan  the thousntd .aturul shockm.
gen: 747 fit: -83 chromo: to be og n.fdto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tisb.osler inltye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbaprows gf o.mragewud fvptunew ormto wabl armh hgainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsin xend thea.rtohdve to s eeak no mjre. andfby n cleep to shy wl enk.athemhex tacee an  the thousntd jaturul shockm.
gen: 748 fit: -83 chromo: to be sg n. wto bo khat isitae quektiot.vwhebher tisw.osler injtye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvba rows gf o.gragexud fvutunew obnto waak armu ogainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsin xend thee.rtohdze to s zebk no mxre. andfby v sleepmto shy wo eno.ithenhewdtacme an  the thousctd laturul shockm.
gen: 749 fit: -81 chromo: to be ag n. cto bo khat isitae quektiot.vwhebher tisq.osler injtye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvba rows gf o.tragexud fvutunew oqqto naak armx egainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsin xend thee.rtohd e to s kebk no mwre. andfby v sleepmto shy wm eno.ithejhewotacme an  the thousctd laturul shockm.
gen: 750 fit: -81 chromo: to be vg n. cto bo khat isitae quektiot.vwhebhergtisa.osler injtye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbaurows gf o.lragexud fvltunew ojnto paak armf igainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsin xend thee.rtohdde to s aebk no mtre. andfby v sleepnto shy we eno.itheihewotacme an  the thousptd laturul shockm.
gen: 751 fit: -81 chromo: to be yg n.sfto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tisy.osler injtye sinzfte slffekoyfhe slongeuauvbasrows gf o.dragexud fv.tunew oatto qabk arm. hgaimstim sea offgroublem aad by olpbsinkxend thea.rtohdwe to s leak no mhre. andfby n cleep to shy wu eno.athemhexrtacee an  the thousntd laturul shocki.
gen: 752 fit: -81 chromo: to be eg n. eto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tisx.osler injtye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbatrows gf o.pragexud fvrtunew oegto gaak armr egainstim sea ofngroublem aad by okpbsin xend thee.rtohdue to s jebk no mvre. andfby n sleep to shy wb eno.ithemhexztacee an  the thousntd laturul shockw.
gen: 753 fit: -81 chromo: to be qg n. uto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tiso.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbabrows gf o.rragexud fvbtunew opzto maak armq jgainstim sea ofngrovblem acd by okpbsinkxend thea.rtohdee to s mebk no mgre. andfby v sleep to shy wa enk.ithe.hexntaceesan  the thousntd .aturul shocku.
gen: 754 fit: -81 chromo: to be .g n. cto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tisr.osler injtye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbaerows gf o.eragexud fvutunew owuto qaak arms ogainstim sea ofngroublem aad by okpbsin xend thee.rtohdce to s vebk no m re. andfby n sleep to shy wp eno.ithemhexftacee an  the thousntd laturul shockh.
gen: 755 fit: -81 chromo: to be kg n. jto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tisn.osler injtye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbabrows gf o.jragexud fxotunew onkto jaak armr bgainstim sea kfngroublem acd by ocpbsin xend thea.rtohdce to s xebk no mare. andbby v sleep to shy wt enk.athehhewmtacee an  the thousntd laturul shockm.
gen: 756 fit: -81 chromo: to be gg n. wto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tis .osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbaprows gf o kragexud fv.tunew oaito dabk armb pgainsrim sea ofngroublem acd by olpbsinkxend thea.rtohdue to s yebk no mure. andfby n sleep to shy wf eno.ithemhevstacee an  the thousz.d laturul shockm.
gen: 757 fit: -81 chromo: to be eg n. lto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tisx.osler injtye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbakrows gf o.lragexud fvctunew ovlto saak arm  sgainstim sea ofngroublem aad by okpbsin xend thee.rtohdre to s mebk no mnre. andfby n sleep to shy wh eno.ithemhexctacee an  the thousntd laturul shockd.
gen: 758 fit: -81 chromo: to be eg n. ato bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tiso.osler injtye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbalrows gf o.tragexud fvctunew od.to saak arma .gainstim sea ofngroublem aad by okpbsin xend thee.rtohdbe to s aebk no mxre. andfby n sleep to shy wp eno.ithemhexetacee an  the thousntd laturul shocka.
gen: 759 fit: -81 chromo: to be gg n. nto bo khat isitae quemtiot.vwhebher tise.osler injtye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbaerows gf o.rragexud fvftunew odmto uaak armh mgainstim sea ofngroublem aad by okpbsin xend thee.rtohdde to s bebk no mdre. andfby n sleep to shy wq eno.ithemhexltacee aj  the thousntd latuqul shocke.
gen: 760 fit: -80 chromo: to be ng n. .to bo khat isitae quettiot.vwhebher tisi.osler injtye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvba rows gf o.kragexud fvytunew omoto baak arme ugainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsin xend thee.rtohdce to s febk no mbre. andfby v sleepzto shy wa eno.ithekhewztacme an  the thousltd laturul shockm.
gen: 761 fit: -80 chromo: to be vg n. hto bo khat isitae quevtiot.vwhebher tisp.osler injtye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeeaurbaarows gf o..ragexud fvstunew oyyto yaak armm ygainstim sea ofngroublem aad by okprsin xend thee.rtohdre to s pebk no mdre. andfby n sleeplto shy wz eno.ithemhewntacee aj  the thousvtd laturul shocke.
gen: 762 fit: -80 chromo: to be qg n. nto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhefher tis..osler injtye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbaarows gf o.oragexud fvmtunew o.gto .aak armb jgainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okpbsin xend thee.rtohdme to s vebk no mrre. andfby n sleep to shy wl eno.ithemhexjtacee an  the thousntd laturul shockd.
gen: 763 fit: -80 chromo: to be og n. fto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tist.osler injtye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbajrows gf o.eragexud fv.tunew oyrto laak armk cgainstim sea ofngroublem aad by okpbsin xend thee.rtohdie to s febk no mnre. andfby n sleep to shy wk eno.ithemhexxtacee an  the thousntd laturul shockt.
gen: 764 fit: -80 chromo: to be xg n. ato bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tisq.osler injtye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbanrows gf o.yragexud fvdtunew o sto kaak armb rgainstim sea ofngroublem aad by okpbsin xend thee.rtohdle to s webk no mare. andfby n sleep to shy wm eno.ithemhexztacee an  the thousntd laturul shockc.
gen: 765 fit: -80 chromo: to be qg n. vto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisq.osler inltye sinzfte skffeio fhe slongeuauvdaurows gf o nragexud fvntunew ofato uaak armg egainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdoe to s aebk no mare. andfby n sleep to shy wm eno.ithemhewwtacee an  the thousrtd daturul shockm.
gen: 766 fit: -79 chromo: to be ag n. tto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tise.osler inltye sinzfte skffeio fhe slongeuauvdafrows gf o pragexud fv.tunew ou to xaak armk hgainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdze to s uebk no mzre. andfby n sleep to shy wa eno.ithemhewqtacee an  the thous td daturul shockm.
gen: 767 fit: -79 chromo: to be sg n. .to bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisi.osler inltye sinzfte skffeio fhe slongeuauvdatrows gf o yragexud fvbtunew oplto yaak armj  gainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdde to s uebk no msre. andfby n sleep to shy wa eno.ithemhewatacee an  the thousntd daturul shockm.
gen: 768 fit: -79 chromo: to be lg n. cto bo khat ismtae queztiot.vwherher tisx.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvdawrows gf o nragexud fvutunew os.to aaak armq qgainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdpe to s iebk no mare. andfby n sleep to shy wy eno.ithemhewntacee an  the thousdtd daturul shockm.
gen: 769 fit: -79 chromo: to be og n  jto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisq.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvdaxrows gf o mragexud fv.tunew oweto uaak armb hgainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdte to s lebk no mnre. andfby n sleep to shy wv eno.mthemhewdtacee an  the thousytd haturul shockm.
gen: 770 fit: -79 chromo: to be vg n. nto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisl.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvdavrows gf o kragexud fvxtunew odmto maak arm. igainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdwe to s iebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wn eno.ithemhewdtacee an  the thousmtd daturul shockm.
gen: 771 fit: -79 chromo: to be vg n. .to bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tist.osler inltye sinzfte slffeio fhe slongeuauvdaorows gf o rragexud fvstunew ohvto waak arms  gainstym sea ofngroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdbe to s jebk no myre. andfby n sleep to shy wj eno.itdemhewdtacee an  the thousutd laturul shocks.
gen: 772 fit: -79 chromo: to be dg n. cto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tis .osler inltye sinzfte slffeyo fhe slongeuauvbaarows gf o sragexud fvvtunew ovyto kaak armo bgainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsin xend thea.rtohdde to s febk no mnre. andfby n sleep to shy wf eno.ithechewktacee an  the thousjtd daturul shockm.
gen: 773 fit: -79 chromo: to be yg n. xto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisb.osler inltye sinzfte slffeio fhe slpngeuauvdamrows gf o  ragexud fvotunew ozdto qaak armg ogainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdme to s jebk no mfre. andfby n sleep to shy wl eno.ithemhewztacee an  the thoushtd daturul shockm.
gen: 774 fit: -79 chromo: to be ag n. oto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisz.osler inltye sinzfte ckffeio fhe slongewauvdagrows gf o.pragexud fvktunew ojcto maak armg ygainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdse to s zebk no mure. andfby n sleep to shy wu eno.ithemhewmtacee an  the thousstd daturul shockm.
gen: 775 fit: -79 chromo: to be eg n. wto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisc.osler inltye sinzfte ckffeio fhe slongewauvdaorows gf o.pragexud fvctunew ofoto caak armf kgainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdce to s zebk no mrre. andfby n sleep to shy wt eno.ithemhewdtacee an  the thousxtd daturul shockm.
gen: 776 fit: -79 chromo: to be bg n. yto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwhebher tist.osler inltye sinzfte slffeyo fhe slongeuauvbarrows gf o xragexud fvhtunew ojgto naak arm. mgainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsin xend thea.rtohdse to s  ebk no mlre. andfby n sleep to shy wt eno.ithe.hewytacee an  the thousttd daturul shockm.
gen: 777 fit: -79 chromo: to be ig n. eto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisr.osler inltye sinzfte slffeio fhe slpngeuauvdadrows gf o vragexud fvetunew ofzto  aak armm  gainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdge to s zebk no mfre. andfby n sleep to shy wk eno.ithemhewutacee an  the thousttd daturul shockm.
gen: 778 fit: -79 chromo: to be eg n. tto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisz.osler inltye sinzfte slffeio ehe slongewauvdajrows gf o.vragexud fvltunew oosto gaak armg xgainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdne to s zebk no mlre. andfby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhewctacee an  the thousjtd daturul shockm.
gen: 779 fit: -79 chromo: to bf cg n. uto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tish.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko ehe slongeuauvdafrows gf o.dragexud fvrtunew okato waak arm. xgainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdbe to s zebk no more. andfby f sleep to shy wd eno.ithemhewatacee an  the thousotd daturul shockm.
gen: 780 fit: -79 chromo: to be xg n. fto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisy.osler inltye sinzfte slffeio fhe slongeuauvdabrows of o rragetud fvftunex ohlto waak armk tgainstim sea ofmgroublem acd by okprsin.xend thea.rtohdxe to s eebk no mfre. andfby n sleep to shy wa ano.ithemhewctacee an  the thousotd daturul shockm.
gen: 781 fit: -79 chromo: to be uc n. rto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisu.osler inltye sin.fte slffeio fhe slgngeuauvdakrows gf o tragexud fvntunew omwto paak armo lgainstzm sea ofngroublem acd by okprsinkxend thee.rtohdxe to s iebo no mbre. andfby n slefp to shy wj eno.ithemhewftacee an  the thous td daturul shockm.
gen: 782 fit: -79 chromo: to be  g n. oto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisw.osler inltye sinzfte slffeio fhe slongeuauvdaurows of o sragetud fvotunex o.vto waak armx rgainstim sea ofmgroublem acd by okprsin.xend thea.rtohdde to s mebk no mqre. andfby n sleep to shy wx ano.ithemhewztacee an  the thousftd daturul shockm.
gen: 783 fit: -79 chromo: to be gg n. sto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisj.osler inltye sinzfte slffeio fhe slongeuauvdanrows of o sragetud fvjtunex oblto waak armv hgainstim sea ofmgroublem acd by okprsin.xend thea.rtohdke to s uebk no m re. andfby n sleep to shy wz ano.ithemhewvtacee an  the thous.td daturul shockm.
gen: 784 fit: -79 chromo: to be dg n. mto bd khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tist.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbaurows gf o fragexud fvytunew otcto naak armv sgainstim sea ofnhroublem acd by oopqsinkxend thfa.rtohd e to s lebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wu eno.ithemhewytacee an  the thousotd haturvl shockm.
gen: 785 fit: -79 chromo: to be mg n. mto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisp.otler inltye sinzftm slffeio fhe slmngewauvdaxtows gf o aragexud fvftunew okxto laak armx egainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdge to s .ebk no more. andfby f sleep to shy wf eno.itheihevktacee an  the thous.td daturul shockm.
gen: 786 fit: -79 chromo: to be vg n. nto br khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tiso.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbajrows gf o pragexud fvatunew owzto naak arme pgainstim sea ofnhroublem acd by oopqsinkxend thfa.rtohdne to s bebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wv eno.ithemhewntacee an  the thousdtd haturvl shockm.
gen: 787 fit: -79 chromo: to be dg n. wto bh khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisy.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbayrows gf o jragexud fvetunew ogbto  aak armj bgainstim sea ofnhroublem acd by oopqsinkxend thfa.rtohdge to s aebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy w  eno.ithemhewhtacee an  the thous.td haturvl shockm.
gen: 788 fit: -79 chromo: to be ng n. ito bu khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisj.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbairows gf o tragexud fvvtunew otqto paak arma againstim sea ofngroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thfa.rtohd e to s mebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wt eno.ithemhew tacee an  the thousftd haturvl shockm.
gen: 789 fit: -79 chromo: to be og n. jto bo chat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisq.osler inltye tinzfte slffeko fhe slmngeuauvdarrows gf o uragexud fvutunex oieto faak armm .gainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdde to s eebk no more. andfby n slmep to shy wj eno.ithemhewutacee an  the thousatd daturul shockm.
gen: 790 fit: -79 chromo: to be bg n. yto bo chat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisf.osler inltye tinzfte slffeko fhe slmngeuauvdagrows gf o aragexud fvztunex ozsto kaak armg wgainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdle to s iebk no more. andfby n slmep to shy wj eno.ithemhewhtacee an  the thousltd daturul shockm.
gen: 791 fit: -79 chromo: to be yg n. uto bg khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisk.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbafrows gf o tragexud fv.tunew oeoto faak armg wgainstim sea ofnhroublem acd by ompqsinkxend thea.rtohdpe to s uebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhewltacee an  the thouswtd haturvlqshockm.
gen: 792 fit: -79 chromo: to be ug n. wto bh khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tish.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbamrows gf o gragexud fvztunex oawto laak armc mgainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thfa.rtohdee to s bebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wv eno.ithemhewptacee an  the thousotd haturvl shockm.
gen: 793 fit: -79 chromo: to be tg.n.ecto bq khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tis..osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbaqrow  gf o gragexud fvptunex sawto .aak armn lgainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdoe to s webk no more. andfby f sleep to shy wl eno.ithemhewetacee an  the thousptd haturvl shockm.
gen: 794 fit: -79 chromo: to be cg n. pto bs khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tis..osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbafrows gf o qragexud fvttunex oxkto vaak army sgainstim sea ofngroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thfa.rtohdde to s vebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wm eno.ithemhewbtacee an  the thousntd haturvl shockm.
gen: 795 fit: -79 chromo: to be wg n. zto bp chat isitae queztiot.vwherher tish.osler inltye sinzfte slffeio fhe slongmuauvbahrows gf o aragexud fvltunew opcto maak armu qgainstim sea ofnhroublem acd by oopqsinlxend thea.rtohd e to skyebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wj eno.ithemhewatacee an  the thousztd haturvl shockm.
gen: 796 fit: -79 chromo: to be mg n. zto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisf.osler inltye sinzfte slffeio fhe slongeuauvbatrows gf o vragexud fvztunew oelto waak arms ogainstim sea ofmgroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdge to s vebk no mrre. andfby n sleep to shy wb eno.ithemhewctacee an  the thoushtd daturvl shockm.
gen: 797 fit: -79 chromo: to be qg n. ito bp chat isitae queztiot.vwherher tish.osler inltye sinzfte slffeio fhe slongmuauvbazrows gf o oragexud fvitunew oybto zaak armc ggainstim sea ofnhroublem acd by oopqsinlxend thea.rtohdfe to skoebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wi eno.ithemhew tacee an  the thoushtd haturvl shockm.
gen: 798 fit: -79 chromo: to be  g n.kmto bw khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tish.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbaarows gf o gragexud fvjtunew ouito raak arms egainstim sea ofnhroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thea.rrohdve to s aebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wm eno.ithemhewztacee ans the thousmtd haturvl shockm.
gen: 799 fit: -79 chromo: to be ug n. kto bs chat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisu.osler inltye sinzfte slffeio fhe slongmuauvbayrows gf o nragexud fvgtunew oxkto baak arm  mgainstim sea ofnhroublem acd by oopqsinlxend thea.rtohdte to skpebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wr eno.ithemhewutacee an  the thousqtd haturvl shockm.
gen: 800 fit: -79 chromo: to bf vg n f.to be khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tise.osler inltye sinzfte slffekp fhe slongmuauvbagrows gf o qragexud fvttunew o yto baak armq mgainstim sea ofnhroublem add by oopqsinlxend thea.rtohdge to skoebk no more. ancfby n sleep to shy wn eno.ithemhewptacee an  the thousdtd haturul shockm.
gen: 801 fit: -79 chromo: to be ng n. jto bw chat isitae queztiot.vwherher tism.osler inltye sinzfte slffeio fhe slongmuauvbahrows gf o dragexud fvhtunew o.wto jaak armj ygainstim sea ofnhroublem acd by oopqsinlxend thea.rtohdpe to skxebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhew.tacee an  the thouswtd haturvl shockm.
gen: 802 fit: -79 chromo: to be tg n. .to bp chat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisg.osler inltye sinzfte slffeio fhe slongmuauvbalrows gf o kragexud fvjtunew ocyto uaak armo zgainstim sea ofnhroublem acd by oopqsinlxend thea.rtohdze to skeebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wo eno.ithemhewmtacee an  the thouswtd haturvl shockm.
gen: 803 fit: -79 chromo: to be jg n. mto bg khat isitae queztiot.vwhevher tisz.osler inltye sinzfte slffeio fhe slongmuauvbarrows gf o uragexud fvvtunew ojeto haak armw vgainstim sea ofmhroublem acd by okpqsinlxend thea.rtohdqe to skvebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wo eno.ithemhewntacee an  the thousatd haturvl shockm.
gen: 804 fit: -79 chromo: to be xg n. jto b. khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tiso.osler inltye sinzfte slbfeio fhe slongeuauvbacrows gf o  qagexst fvatunew owato caak armq rgainstim sea ofnhroublem acd by okpqsinoxend thea.rtohdze to skiebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wl eno.ithemhewbtacee an  the thousftd haturul shockm.
gen: 805 fit: -79 chromo: to be wg n. qto b. khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisc.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuaubbanrows gf o iragexud fvstunew otjto paak arme pgainstim sea ofmhroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdce to s lebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wz eno.ithemhewrtacee an  the thousktd haturul shockm.
gen: 806 fit: -79 chromo: to be bg n. rto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tiso.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuau.dairows gf o mragexud fvctunew orqto laak armg mgainstim sea ofmhroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdbe to s zebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wu eno.ithemhewutacee an  the thouswtd daturul shockm.
gen: 807 fit: -79 chromo: to be cg n. ato by khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisq.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvbavrows gf o qragexud fv.tunew ohlto naak armd egainstim sea ofnhroublem acd by okpqsinoxend thea.rtohdge to s eebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy w. en .ithemhewdtacee ans the thousvtd haturvl shockm.
gen: 808 fit: -79 chromo: to be mg n. .to bo  hat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisx.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongauaupdaorows gf o fragexud fvktunew oroto faak armw lgainstim sea ofmhroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdke to s sebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wh eno.ithemhewjtacee an  the thousetd daturul shockm.
gen: 809 fit: -79 chromo: to be lg n. wto bo  hat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisx.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongauaupdaarows gf o qragexud fvotunew ottto vaak armq  gainstim sea ofmhroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdie to s uebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy ww eno.ithemhewxtacee an  the thousqtd daturul shockm.
gen: 810 fit: -79 chromo: to be eg n. mto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tist.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvba.rows gf o .ragexud fv.tunew ooato caak armr  gainstim sea ofnhroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdme to s sebk no more. ancfby n sleep to shy wf eno.ithemhewvtacee an  the thousltd daturvl shockm.
gen: 811 fit: -79 chromo: to be eg n. lto bm khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tis .osker inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauubayrows gf o fragexud fv.tunew oakto naak armz ugainstim sea ofnhroublem acd by okpqsinoxend thea.rtohdge to s lebk no more. andfbymn sleep to shy wc enf.ithemhewdtacee ans the thousmtd haturvl shockm.
gen: 812 fit: -79 chromo: to be tg n. .to bs khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisk.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauvdairows gf o .raguxud fu.tunew omnto kaai armx  gainstim sea ofnhroublem acd by oopqsinlxend thea.rtohdye to s bebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wd enz.ithemhewvtacee an  the thousdtd haturvl shockm.
gen: 813 fit: -79 chromo: to be tg n. bto bo khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisy.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuaujdayrows gf o oragexud fvrtunew oekto  aak armi ogainstim sea ofmhroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdke to s jebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wj eno.ithemhewdtacee an  the thouswtd daturul shockm.
gen: 814 fit: -79 chromo: to be yg n. xto bb khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tis..osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuaudbalrows gf o kragexud fvdtunew ozito daak armh xgainstim sea ofmhroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohd e to s uebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wd eno.ithemhewntacee an  the thousztd haturul shockm.
gen: 815 fit: -79 chromo: to be cg n. qto bz chat isitae queztiot.uwherher tisw.osler inltye sinzete slffekp fhe slongauauqdazrows gf o dragexud fvftunew ogato xaak armh jgainstim sea ofmhroubleo acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdge to s .ebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wl eno.ithemhewetacee an  the thous.td daturul shockm.
gen: 816 fit: -79 chromo: to be zg n. pto bo  hat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisx.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongauaurdaurows gf o sragexud fv.tunew ordto oaak arms againstim sea ofmhroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohd.e to s sebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wm eno.ithemhewytacee an  the thousitd daturul shockm.
gen: 817 fit: -79 chromo: to be ig n. wto bs khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisb.osler inltye sinzfte slffeio fhe slongeuauvbaorows gf ospragexud fv.tunew og.to eaak armg igainstim sea ofmhroubleo acd by okpqsinkxend thec.rtohdee to s hebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wq ent.ithemhebctacee ans the thousgtd haturvl shockm.
gen: 818 fit: -79 chromo: to be jg n. pto bu khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tise.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuauqbadrows gf o kragexud fvttunew omcto raak armd ogainstim sea ofmhroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdme to s .ebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wb eno.ithemhewytacee an  the thousatd haturul shockm.
gen: 819 fit: -79 chromo: to be xg n. hto bu khat isitae queztiot.fwherher tiss.osler inltye sinzfte slffekp fhe slongeuaufdahrows hf o iragexud fvvtunew osato uaak armo sgainstim sea ofmhroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdee to s xebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wv eno.ithemhewotacee an  the thoushtd daturul shockm.
gen: 820 fit: -79 chromo: to be lg n. cto bs khat isitae queztiot.bwherher tiss.osler inltye sinzfte slffekp fhe slongeuauudasrows hf o lragexud fvstunew oetto daak armt tgainstim sea ofmhroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdre to s lebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhewptacee an  the thousstd daturul shockm.
gen: 821 fit: -79 chromo: to be vg n. lto bv chat isitae queztiot.ywhether tiwc.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongmuauydavrows gf o aragexud fv tunew o.qtw yaao armc lgainstim sea ofmhroubleo acd by okprsinkxend thea.rsohdse to s tebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy ww eno.ithemhezltacee an  the thousftd daturul shockm.
gen: 822 fit: -79 chromo: to be  g n. lto bb khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisg.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongeuautbamrows gf o yragexud fvntunew objto gaak armm ggainstim sea ofmhroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdne to s .ebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wp eno.ithemhewttacee an  the thousttd haturul shockm.
gen: 823 fit: -79 chromo: to be qg n. ato bo lhat isitae queztiot.vwherher tist.osler inltye sinjfte slffeko fhe slongauauodacrows gf o lragexud fvztunew ozeto maal armx pgainstym sea ofnhroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohd.e to s mebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhewltacee an  the thousgtd daturvl shockm.
gen: 824 fit: -79 chromo: to be mg n.  to b  khat isitae queztiot.jwherher tisp.osler inltye sinzfte slffekp fhe slongeuaujdakrows hf o  ragexud fv tunew opjto zaak armk mgainstim sea ofmhroublem acd by okprsinkxend thea.rtohdae to s nebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wt eno.ithemhew tacee an  the thousftd daturul shockm.
gen: 825 fit: -79 chromo: to be ag n. vto bo khat isitce queztiot.vwherhmr tisg.osler inltqe sinzfte slffeko fhe slongfuauvda rows of osoragexud fv.tunew ol to raak armx pgainstim sea ofmhroublem acd by ocpqsinkxend thea.rtohdfe to s jebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wr eno.ithemhewjtacee an  the thousxtd gaturul shockm.
gen: 826 fit: -79 chromo: to be lg n.  to bo  hat isitae queztiot.vwherher tish.osler inltye sinzfte slffeko fhe slongauaujbawrows gf o xragexud fvatunew oigto laak arms egainstym sea ofmfroubleo acd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdde to s tebk no more. andfby.n sleep to shy wv eno.ithemhew tacee ans the thousotd daturul shockm.
gen: 827 fit: -79 chromo: to be mg n. sto bo lhat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisx.osler inltye sinjfte slffeko fhe slongauauxdafrows gf o sragexud fvstunew olato naal armk vgainstym sea ofnhroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdxe to s cebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhewdtacee an  the thousstd daturvl shockm.
gen: 828 fit: -79 chromo: to be  g n. kto bo khat isitce queztiot.vwherhmr tis .osler inltqe sinzfte slffeko fhe slongfuauvdafrows of osuragexud fv.tunew ohyto eaak armv cgainstim sea ofmhroublem acd by ocpqsinkxend thea.rtohd.e to s debk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wy eno.ithemhewjtacue an  the thousjtd gaturul shockm.
gen: 829 fit: -79 chromo: to be hg n. cto bo lhat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisl.osler inltye sinjfte slffeko fhe slongauaugdairows gf o wragexud fvetunew ouato maal armb fgainstym sea ofnhroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdhe to s rebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhewutacee an  the thousatd daturvl shockm.
gen: 830 fit: -79 chromo: to be  g n. yto bo lhat isitae queztiot.vwherher tisn.osler inltye sinjfte slffeko fhe slongauaundajrows gf o yragexud fv tunew oktto qaal arml qgainstym sea ofnhroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdve to s qebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhewrtacee an  the thousatd daturvl shockm.
gen: 831 fit: -79 chromo: to be kg n. xto bt khat isitce queztiot.vwherher tisq.osler inlt e sinjfte slffeko fhe slongfuauqdacrows of oswragexud fvktunew ob to qaak armn kgainstim sea ofmhroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdye to s oebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wm eno.itgemhewntacee an  the thousetd gaturul shockm.
gen: 832 fit: -79 chromo: to be lg n. xto bk khat isitce queztiot..wherhmr tisx.osler inltqe sinzftv slffeko fhe slongfuauvcafrows of osiragexud fvftunew owsto vaak armu bgainstym sea ofnhroublem acd by ocpqsinkxend thea.rtohdfe to s oebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.ythemhewotacee an  the thous td daturul shockm.
gen: 833 fit: -79 chromo: to be mg n. mto bf khat isitce queztiot.vwherher tisc.osler inlt e sinjfte slffeko fhe slongfuau.dadrows of osrragexud fvctunew ovlto vaak armn jgainstim sea ofmhroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdae to s aebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wq eno.itgemhewytacee an  the thousgtd gaturul shockm.
gen: 834 fit: -79 chromo: to be yg n. hto bv khat isitce queztiot.vwherher tiso.osler inlt e sinjfte slffeko fhe slongfuau dalrows of osgragexud fvutunew oegto jaak arma hgainstim sea ofmhroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdde to s gebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy w  eno.itgemhewttacee an  the thousytd gaturul shockm.
gen: 835 fit: -79 chromo: to be gg n. hto bp khat isitce queztiot.uwherhmr tisd.osler inltqe sinzftv slffeko fhe slongfuauvcaxrows of oskragexud fvhtunew owlto maak arml zgainstym sea ofnhroublem acd by ocpqsinkxend thea.rtohdge to s bebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wq eno.ythemhewgtacee an  the thousytd daturul shockm.
gen: 836 fit: -79 chromo: to be lg n. .to bq khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tis .osler inltye sinzfte slffekp fhe slongauauvdayrows gf osdragewud fvqtunew oh.to pabk armx cgainstym sea ofmhroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thec.rtohdxe to s debk no more. andbby n sleep to shy ws eno.ithempewptacee an  the thousutd daturul shockm.
gen: 837 fit: -79 chromo: to be kg n. sto bg khat isitce queztjos.vwherher tist.osler inlt e sinzfte slffeko fhe slongfuauvdaarows of o rragexud fvwtunew ozhto uaak armo xgainstjm sea ofmhroublem acd by o pqsinkxend thea.rtohdpe to s febk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wf eno.ithemhegitacee an  the thousstd gaturul shockm.
gen: 838 fit: -79 chromo: to be yg n. dto bq khat isitce queztjos.vwherher tisl.osler inlt e sinzfte slffeko fhe slongfuauvda rows of o xragexud fvwtunew oeito saak army ngainstjm sea ofmhroublem acd by o pqsinkxend thea.rtohd.e to s debk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wo eno.ithemhebstacee an  the thousdtd gaturul shockm.
gen: 839 fit: -79 chromo: to be xg n. lto bs khat ititce queztiot.vwherher tisc.osler inltye sinjftg slffeko fhe slongauauwda rows of osuragexuh fvxtunes oynto yaik arme jgainstym sea ofmhroublem acd by ocpqsinkxend thea.rtohdxe to s hebl no more. andfby n sleep to shy wn epo.ithemhebetacee an  the thousltd daturul shockm.
gen: 840 fit: -79 chromo: to be .g n. kto bu khat isitce queztjos.vwherher tisg.osler inlt e sinzfte slffeko fhe slongfuaevdazrows of o hragexud fvwtunew onwto aaak armo tgainstjm sea ofmhroublem acd by o pqsinkxend thea.rtohdse to s aebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wj eno.ithemhegitacee an  the thousntd gaturul shockm.
gen: 841 fit: -79 chromo: to be mg n..xto bv khat isitae queztiot.vwherher tis .osler inltye sinzfte slffekp fhe slongauauwdaerows gf o hragewud fvbtunew oubto maak armk ngainstym sea ofnhroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdfe to s rebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhew tacee an  the thousztd daturvl shockm.
gen: 842 fit: -79 chromo: to be hw.n.  to bf khat isitce queztiot.vwherher tisf.osler inltye sinjfte slffeko fhe slongfuau.dalrows of osvragexud fvotunew oodto yaa  armq cgainstym sea ofmdroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thea.ztohdke to s cebk no more. andbby n sleep to sdy wx eno.itgemhewutacee an  the thousotd gaturul shockm.
gen: 843 fit: -79 chromo: to be uw n.  to bv khat isitce queztiot.vwherher tisk.osler inltye sinjfte slffeko fhe slongfuaubdakrows of osoragewud fvetunew osdto vaa  armn rgainstim sea ofmdroublee acd by o pqsinkxend thea.rtohdfe tm s uebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.itgemhewptacee an  the thousqsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 844 fit: -79 chromo: to be fg n. lto bs khat isitce queztjkt.vwhether tisv.osler inlt e sinzfte slffeko fhe slongfuauodaarows of osuragexul fvrtunew oznto naak arm. qgainstjm sea ofmhroublem acd by okpasinkxend thea.rtohdhe to s vebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wa eno.ithemhewitacfe an  the thousutd gaturul shockm.
gen: 845 fit: -78 chromo: to be jw n.  to bh khat isitce queztiot.vwherher tisv.osler inltye sinjfte slffeko fhe slongfuauwdalrows of osiragewud fvqtunew oqyto oaa  armd mgainstim sea ofmdroublee acd by o pqsinkxend thea.rtohdye tm s gebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.itgemhewmtacee an  the thousnsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 846 fit: -78 chromo: to be  g n. ato bi khat isitce queztjkt.vwhether tist.osler inlt e sinzfte slffeko fhe slongfuauvdazrows of os ragexul fvltunew of to yaak armt xgainstjm sea ofmhroublem acd by okpasinkxend thea.rtohd.e to s mebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wl eno.ithemhewttacfe an  the thousutd gaturul shockm.
gen: 847 fit: -78 chromo: to ae yw n.. to bl khat isitse queztiot.vwhether tise.osler inlt e sinzfte slffeko fhe slongfuauvdaprows of oslragexud fvmtunew oodto faak arm. jgainstjm sea ofmdroublem acd dy okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdae to s jebk no more. andbby n sleep to sdy wx eno.ithenhewetagee an  the thousftd gaturul shocko.
gen: 848 fit: -78 chromo: to be zg n.  to bv khat isitce queztiot.vwherher tisa.osler inltie sinjftv slffeko fhe slongfuauxdabrows of oscragexud fvbtunew othto oac  armk bgainstym sea ofnhroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thea.ztohd.e to s rebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.ytgemhewktacee an  the tgousvtd daturul shockm.
gen: 849 fit: -78 chromo: to bn cg n.  to bz ihat isitse queztiot.vwhether tisr.osler inlt e sinjfte slffeko fhe slongfuauvdaurows of osqragexud fvltunew ofhto iaak arms  gainstym sea ofndroub.em acd dy okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdke to s kebk no more. andbby n sleep to sdy wx eno.ithemheprtagee an  the thousftd gaturul shocko.
gen: 850 fit: -78 chromo: to be sw n.  to bh khat isitce queztiot.vwherher tisn.osler inltye sinjfte slffeko fhe slongfuaucdasrows of osnragewud fv.tunew oxzto taa  arms ogainstim sea ofmdroublee acd by o pqsinkxend thea.rtohdme tm s yebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.itgemhewhtacee an  the thouswsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 851 fit: -78 chromo: to be bw n.  to bw khat isitce queztiot.vwherher tist.osler inltye sinjfte slffeko fhe slongfuauddaqrows of osbragewud fvitunew okmto taa  armw mgainstim sea ofmdroublee acd by o pqsinkxend thea.rtohdpe tm s rebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.itgemhewbtacee an  the thousvsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 852 fit: -78 chromo: to be  w n.  to bi khat isitce queztiot.vwherher tisn.osler inltye sinjfte slffeko fhe slongfuauyda.rows of ospragewud fvytunew ozato taa  arm  rgainstim sea ofmdroublee acd by o pqsinkxend thea.rtohdxe tm s sebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.itgemhewqtacee an  the thousdsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 853 fit: -78 chromo: to be hg n.  to b. khat isitce queztiot.vwherher tish.osler inltie sinjftv slffeko fhe slongfuauudafrows of oszragexud fv.tunew oplto oac  armg vgainstym sea ofnhroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thea.ztohdce to s oebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wh eno.ytgemhewxtacee an  the tgousvtd daturul shockm.
gen: 854 fit: -78 chromo: to be sg n.  to bl khat isitce queztiot.vwherher tise.osler inltie sinjftv slffeko fhe slongfuauvdaarows of osdragexud fvrtunew olvto wac  armu ogainstym sea ofnhroublem acd by okpqsinkxend thea.ztohdpe to s pebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy w  eno.ytgemhewetacee an  the tgousmtd daturul shockm.
gen: 855 fit: -78 chromo: to be hw n.  to bg khat isitce quez.iot.vwhether tisi.osler inltye sinzftg slffeko fhe slongfuaevdajrows of osfragexud fvttunew otgto naa  armf kgainstym sea ofndroublbe acd by o pasinkxend thea.rtohdbe to s. ebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wl eno.itgemhewltacee an  the thousbtd gatural shockm.
gen: 856 fit: -78 chromo: to be yw n.  to bd khat isitce queztiot.vwherher tisw.osler inltye sinjfte slffeko fhe slongfuauqdajrows of ostragewud fv.tunew owrto jaa  armz wgainstim sea ofmdroublee acd by o pqsinkxend thea.rtohdje tm s zebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.itgemhewutacee an  the thoushsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 857 fit: -78 chromo: to be qg n.  to bz khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisx.osler inltie sinjfte slfeeko fhe slongfuaupda.rows of oszragexud fvatunew o.zto oac  armt tgainstym seakofndroublee bcd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdae to s lebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wt eno.ythemhewutacee an  the thousotd gaturul shockm.
gen: 858 fit: -78 chromo: to be qw n.  to bm khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisl.osler inltie tinjfte slnfeko fhe slongfuauvdafrows of osbragexud fvjtunew ojoto nac  armr wgainstim sea ofndroublee bcd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdfe to s iefk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wz eno.ithemhewgtacee an  the thousfsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 859 fit: -78 chromo: to be uw n.  to ba.khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisc.otler inpt e sinzfte slffeko fhe slongfuauhdairows of osqragewud fvltunew ozpto gac  armt mgainstym sea ofnhroublem acd by okpqsinkwend thea.qtphdve to s rebk no more. andbby n sleep to sdy w. eno.itgemhewxtacfe an  the thousu.d gaturul shockm.
gen: 860 fit: -78 chromo: to be tg n.  to br lhat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisn.osler inltie sinjftv slffeko fhe slongfuausdavrows of osgragexud fvttunew ovxto kac  armn mgainstimqsea ofnhroublem acd by o pqsinkxend thea.ztohdhe to s debk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wh eno.ytgemhewodacfe an  the thousotd daturul shocke.
gen: 861 fit: -78 chromo: to be mh n.  to bt khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisz.osler inltie sinjfte slffeko fhe slongfuaubdawrows of osxragexud fvetunew ofgto rac  armu kgainstimssea ofnhroublem aad by o pqsinkxend thea.ztohdme to s zebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wq eno.ythemhecjdacee an  the tgousmtd daturul shocke.
gen: 862 fit: -78 chromo: to be kg n.  to bu khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tishtosler inltie sinzftv slffeko fhe slongfuausdatrows of osjragexud fvhtunew omlto qaa  armi againstimmsea ofndroublee aad by o pasinkwend thea.rtohdue to s.bebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wd eno.ytgemhewstacee an  the thous.td gaturul shocke.
gen: 863 fit: -78 chromo: to be ig n.  to bc khat isitce qugztiot.vwhether tisl.osler inpt e sinjfte slffeko fhe slqngvuauodalrows of osbragexud.fvktunew ozmto oac  armg lgainstym sea ofndroublem acd by o pqsinkwend thea.rtohdme to s nebm no more. andaby n sleep to shy wtseno.itheohew tacfe an  the thousasd caturul shockm.
gen: 864 fit: -78 chromo: to be ww n.  to bo khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisx.osler inltie tinjfte slnfeko fhe slongfuauvdaorows of oscragexud fvetunew ovito tac  armz rgainstim sea ofndroublee bcd by okpasinkxend thea.rtohdce to s kefk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wk eno.ithemhewstacee an  the thousjsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 865 fit: -78 chromo: to be dg nt  to bo khat isitce queztiot.vwherher tisc.osler inltie sinjfte slffeko fhe slongvuau.dakrows of ostragewud fvytunew olyto oaak armg tgainstim sea ofndroublem acd by o pqsinkxend thea.qtohdie to s aebm no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhewmtacfe an  the thouscsd daturul shockm.
gen: 866 fit: -78 chromo: to be pw n.  to bw khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisz.osler inltje tinjfte slffeko fhe slongvuauvdairows of os ragexud fvstunew.oauto yaak armo zgainstim sea ofnbroublee acd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdoe to s qefk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhewgtacee an  the thousvsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 867 fit: -78 chromo: to be gw n.  to b  khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tish.osler inltje tinjfte slffeko fhe slongvuauvdafrows of osjragexud fvptunew.oocto haak armq dgainstim sea ofnbroublee acd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdoe to s hefk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhewwtacee an  the thousgsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 868 fit: -78 chromo: to be aw n.  to b. khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisf.osler inltje tinjfte slffeko fhe slongvuauvdayrows of osmragexud fvitunew.ogyto eaak armr egainstim sea ofnbroublee acd by okpqsinkxend thea.rtohdle to s fefk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhewqtacee an  the thouscsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 869 fit: -77 chromo: to be qg nt  to br khat isitce queztiot.vwherher tisk.osler inltie sinjfte slffeko fhe slongvuauada rows of ospragewud fvttunew oe.to oaak armh ogainstim sea ofndroublem acd by o pqsinkxend thea.qtohdfe to s xebm no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhewstacfe an  the thouszsd daturul shockm.
gen: 870 fit: -77 chromo: tm be lg n.  to bt khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisf.osler inltie sinjftv slffeko fhe slongfuaubdayrows of oslrawexuh fvetunew oyuto oack armv lgainstim sea ofndroublem acd by o pasinkwend thea.rtohdpe to s xebi no more. andbby n sleep to shy wp enolitgemhewttacfe an  thm thous .d gaturul shocke.
gen: 871 fit: -77 chromo: to be lg n.  to b. khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisttosler inltie sinjftv slffeko fhe slongvuausdamrows of osdragexud fvqtunew omvto nac  armi  gainstim sea ofnhroublee bcd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdae to s rebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wd eno.ithemhewmtacee an  the thous.sd haturul shockm.
gen: 872 fit: -77 chromo: to be .g n.  to bk khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisz.osler inltie sinjftv slffeko fhe slongvuauddarrows of osnragexud fvttunew oyyto zaa  arm. xgainstiu sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohd.e to s jebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wa eno.ixhemhewhtacee an  the thousasd haturul shockm.
gen: 873 fit: -77 chromo: to be qg nt  to bi khat isitce queztiot.vwherher tish.osler inltie sinjfte slffeko fhe slongvuauhdacrows of osmragewud fvetunew oyoto oaak arm  zgainstim sea ofjdroublem acd by o pqsinkxend thea.qtohdhe to s rebm no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhewvtacfe an  the thousjsd datvrul shockm.
gen: 874 fit: -77 chromo: to be .g n.  to bg khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisutosler inltie sinzftv slffeko fhe slongvuaumdakrpws of osbragexud fvotunew olrto caa  armb qgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by o pasinkwend thea.rtohdbe to s jebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.ythemhewotacee an  the thouszsd haturul shocke.
gen: 875 fit: -77 chromo: to be qw n.  to bs khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisl.osler inltie tinzfte slffeko fhe slongfuauvdajrows of osiragexuh fvbtunew oqhto hack arme lgainstim sea ofnbroublee acd by o pqsinkxend thea.rtohd.e to s mefk no more. bndbby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhewltacee an  the thousgsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 876 fit: -77 chromo: ro be mg n.  to bo khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisntosler inltie sinjftv slffeko fhe slongvuauudasrows of osaragexud fvmtunew oveto vac  armk .gainstim sea ofnhroub.ee acd by o pasinkwend thea.rtohdwe to s eefk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.ythemhewktacee an  the thkusgsd haturul whocke.
gen: 877 fit: -77 chromo: to be  g n.  to bl khat isitce queztiot.vwherher tisn.oslar inltie sinzftv sjffeko fhe slongfuaukdaurows of osjragexud fxdtunew ocmto naa  armn xgaknstim sea ofndroublee aad by o pasinkwend thea.rtohdie to s.qebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.ythemhewqtacee ank the thousatd gaturul shocke.
gen: 878 fit: -77 chromo: to be kg n.  to bt khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisl.osler inltie sinjftv slffeko hhe slongvuaupdanrows of osoragexud fvdtuneu oiuto yaa  arms againstix sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdie to s lebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wo eno.ixhemhewmtacee an  the thousnsd haturul shockm.
gen: 879 fit: -77 chromo: to be rc n.  to bp khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tism.osler inltie sinzftv slffeko fhe slongvuau dairows of osqragexud fvgtunew ojtto faa  armq fgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkuend thea.rtohdwe to s xebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wb eno.ythemhewmtacee an  the thousksd haturul shocke.
gen: 880 fit: -77 chromo: to be hc n.  to bb khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisn.osler inltie sinzftv slffeko fhe slongvuaugdayrows of os.ragexud fvptunew oloto faa  arml vgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkuend thea.rtohdhe to s tebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wn eno.ythemhewdtacee an  the thousisd haturul shocke.
gen: 881 fit: -77 chromo: to be sc n.  to bp khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tism.osler inltie sinzftv slffeko fhe slongvuaudda.rows of osqragexud fvgtunew o zto eaa  armj  gainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkuend thea.rtohdne to s zebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wn eno.ythemhewltacee an  the thousysd haturul shocke.
gen: 882 fit: -77 chromo: to be rg n.  to bo khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisl.osler inltie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongvuaucdahrows of oswragexud fvctunew oazto caa  armt ugainsti  saa ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohd e to s .ebk no more. andbby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhewmtacee an  the thouslsd haturul shockm.
gen: 883 fit: -77 chromo: to be zc n.  to bo khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisu.osler inltie sinzftv slffeko fhe slongvuauodaurows of osaragexud fvdtunew ohlto eaa  arme mgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkuend thea.rtohdge to s oebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wm eno.ythemhewrtacee an  the thousxsd haturul shocke.
gen: 884 fit: -77 chromo: to be sc n.  to bm khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tish.osler inltie sinzftv slffeko fhe slongvuauzdaqrows of oshragexud fvotunew obzto  aa  armt ngainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkuend thea.rtohdse to s mebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wb eno.ythemhewstacee an  the thouszsd haturul shocke.
gen: 885 fit: -77 chromo: to be nc n.s to br khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisptosler inltie sinzbtv slffeko bhe slongvuautdaorows of oseragexud fvdtunew oeyto yaa  armw zgainstim sea ofnhroublee bcd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdme to s heak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wl eno.ithemhewctacee an  the thouswsd haturul shocke.
gen: 886 fit: -77 chromo: to be tg n.  to bc khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisz.osler inltie sinjftr slffeko fhe slongvuaumdairows of osfragexud fvytunew oluto tac  armp sgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkuend thea.rtohdfe to s qebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wa eno.ythemhewptacee an  rhe thousnsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 887 fit: -77 chromo: to be cg n.  to bi khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisv.osler inltie sinjftv s.ffeko fhe slongvuaufdamrows of osdragexud fv tunew oonto xaq  army wgainstih sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdke to s.lerk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wp eno.jthemhewdtacee an  the thoususd gaturul shockm.
gen: 888 fit: -77 chromo: to be tc n.  to ba khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisw.osler inltie sinzftv slffeko fhe slongvuauqdaerows of osoragexud fvstunew otwto uaa  armp againstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkuend thea.rtohdye to s pebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wi eno.ythemhewwtacee an  the thousdsd haturul shocke.
gen: 889 fit: -77 chromo: to be bg n.  to bd khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisy.osler inltie sinjftv s.ffeko fhe slongvuauudasrows of osiragexud fvatunew os.to daq  armt egainstiu sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdte to s.jerk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wv eno.jthemhewqtacee an  the thouslsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 890 fit: -77 chromo: to be  g n.  to br khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisy.osler inltie sinjftv s.ffeko fhe slongvuauadahrows of osyragexud fvttunew owgto paq  armt againstih sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdpe to s.kerk no more. andfby n sleep to shy w  eno.jthemhewxtacee an  the thousisd gaturul shockm.
gen: 891 fit: -77 chromo: to be .g n.s to b  khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tist.osler inltie sinjbtv s.ffeko fhe slongvuauhdagrows of osbragexud fvatunew oieto laq  arml ugainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdje to s..eak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wq eno.jthemhewmtacee an  the thousssd gaturul shocke.
gen: 892 fit: -76 chromo: to be hg n.  to bu khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisp.osler inltie sinjftv s.ffeko fhe slongvuauudadrows of osyragexud fvwtunew ovuto qaq  armg ngainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohd.e to s.zerk no more. andfby n sleep to shy w  eno.jthemhewitacee an  the thousbsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 893 fit: -76 chromo: to be ag n.s to bx khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisl.osler inltie sinjbtv s.ffeko fhe slongvuaufdarrows of osdragexud fvvtunew ocsto maq  armd ngainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohd.e to s.ueak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wo eno.jthemhewitacee an  the thous sd gaturul shocke.
gen: 894 fit: -76 chromo: to be cg n.s to bw khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisz.osler inltie sinjbtv s.ffeko fhe slongvuau damrows of osxragexud fvstunew ordto naq  armw ngainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdge to s.leak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wz eno.jthemhewstacee an  the thousasd gaturul shocke.
gen: 895 fit: -76 chromo: to be qg n.  to bn khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisz.osler inltie sinjbtv s.ffeko fhe slongvuau.dajrows of ostragexud fvstunew owvto yaq  armh cgainstie sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdle to s.xeak no more. andfby n sleep to shy ws eno.jthemhewdtacee an  the thoususd gaturul shocke.
gen: 896 fit: -76 chromo: to be jg n.  to bd khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tiss.osler inltie sinzftv s.ffeko bhe slongquaukdaarows of osiragexud fvitunew oevto jaq  armm wgainstjz sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.ttohdce to s iebk no more. andfby n sleep to sgy wk eno.ythemhew tacee an  the thoustsdrgaturul shockm.
gen: 897 fit: -76 chromo: to be gg n.  to bp khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tist.osler inltie sinjbtv s.ffeko fhe slongvuauldamrows of osvragexud fvwtunew oysto saq  arma vgainstiu sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdue to s.zeak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wh eno.jthemhewttacee an  the thousrsd gaturul shocke.
gen: 898 fit: -76 chromo: to be xg n.  to bg khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisq.osler inltie sinjftv slffeko hhe slongvuauwdaxrows of osaragexud fvbtunek o hto fac  armh  gainstic sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.ztohdue to s.xebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhewitacee an  the thous.sd haturul shockm.
gen: 899 fit: -76 chromo: to be og n.s to bn khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisw.osler inltie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongvuaumdaerows of osmragexud fvwtunew oyito qaa  armk bgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdge to s..eak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wx eno.jthemhewdtacee an  the thousosd gaturul shocke.
gen: 900 fit: -76 chromo: to be .g n.  to bk khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisq.osler inltie sinjftv slffeko hhe slongvuauydagrows of osyragexud fvrtunez optto wac  armu zgainsti  sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.ztohdxe to s.pebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhewmtacee an  the thousjsd haturul shockm.
gen: 901 fit: -76 chromo: to be ug n.s to bo khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisu.osler inltie sinjbtv s.ffeko fhe slongvuauzdavrows of osvragexud fvdtunew omcto aar  arms egainstig sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdre to s.xerk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wz eno.jthemhewctacee an  the thoustsd gaturpl shocke.
gen: 902 fit: -76 chromo: to be vg n.  to b. khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisp.osler inltie sinjftv slffeko hhe slongvuauudawrows of osjragexud fvntuneq oj to jac  armm kgainstiv sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.ztohdwe to s.cebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhewgtacee an  the thouswsd haturul shockm.
gen: 903 fit: -76 chromo: to be wg n.s to bb khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisa.osler inltie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongvuausdanrows of oszragexud fvjtunew of to eaa  armj bgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohd.e to s.deak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wj eno.jthemhewftacee an  the thousxsd gaturul shocke.
gen: 904 fit: -76 chromo: to be qg n.s to ae khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisb.osler inltie cinjftv s.ffeko fhe slongvuau.dagrows of oswragexud fvjtunew oehto gaq  arms dgainstir sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdue to s.jerk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wx eno.jtheehewxtacee an  the thousdsd gatural shocke.
gen: 905 fit: -76 chromo: to be xg n.s to bw khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tise.osler inltie sinjbtv s.ffeko fhe slongvuauudacrows of osyragexud fvutunew orsto jaq  armk againstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtopdse to s.jeak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wx eno.jthemhewgtacee an  the thousasd gaturul shocke.
gen: 906 fit: -76 chromo: to be rg n.s to bs khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisq.osler inltie sinjbtv s.ffeko fhe slongvuau.dasrows of osuragexud fv.tunew ovpto taq  armb sgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtopdxe to s.deak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wc eno.jthemhewbtacee an  the thousnsd gaturul shocke.
gen: 907 fit: -76 chromo: to be hg n.s to bk khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisq.osler inltie sinjftv s.ffeko fhe slongvuauudalrows of osrragexud fvltunew ov.to paq  arm. zgainstii sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohd e to s.nerk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wx enp.jthefhewptacee an  the thouslsd gaturwl shockm.
gen: 908 fit: -76 chromo: to be cg n.  to bv khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tiso.osler inltie sinjftv slffeko hhe slongvuaucdaurows of oszragexud fvetuneb or.to qac  armz ogainstih sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.ztohdve to s.lebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wx eno.ithemhewqtacee an  the thousqsd haturul shockm.
gen: 909 fit: -76 chromo: to be kg n.s to bm khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tiss.osler inltie sinjbtv s.ffeko fhe slongvuauqdagrows of osbragexud fvatunew ofbto caq  armz ogainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdoe to s.teak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wh eno.jthemhewltacee an  the thousksd gaturul shocke.
gen: 910 fit: -76 chromo: to be vg n.s to bq khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tiso.osler inltie sinjftv s.ffeko bhe slongvuauwdaurows of oszragexud fvftunew oj to gaq  armz wgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtopdue to s.oerk no more. andfby n sleep to shy ww eno.jthemhewxtacee an  the thoustsd eaturul shocke.
gen: 911 fit: -76 chromo: to be bg n.s to bg khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tis .osler inltie sinjftv s.ffeko bhe slongvuauwdamrows of osaragexud fvwtunew oynto caq  armz ogainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtopdke to s.qerk no more. andfby n sleep to shy wr eno.jthemhewbtacee an  the thoususd eaturul shocke.
gen: 912 fit: -76 chromo: to be sg n.  to bt khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tish.osler inltie sinjftv slffeko hhe slongvuaufdafrows of osoragexud fvetuner osjto hac  arm. cgainstim sea ofnhroublee acdkby okpasinkwend thea.ztohdie to s.zebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy ww eno.jthemhewstacee an  the thousasd haturul shockm.
gen: 913 fit: -76 chromo: to be pg n.s to bf khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisa.osler inltie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongvuauedayrows of osyragexud fvqtunew oyyto uaa  armj bgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdae to s.weak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wn eno.jthemhewptacee an  the thousbsd gaturul shocke.
gen: 914 fit: -76 chromo: to be qg n.s to bw khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tis..osler inltie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongvuauidakrows of oslragexud fvttunew os to yaa  arm  pgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdte to s.ieak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wl eno.jthemhewptacee an  the thousfsd gaturul shocke.
gen: 915 fit: -76 chromo: to be ig n.s to bh khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tiss.osler inltie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongvuautdaerows of osjragexud fvdtunew oaato naa  armf sgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdee to s.ceak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wk eno.jthemhewitacee an  the thoushsd gaturul shocke.
gen: 916 fit: -76 chromo: to be .g n.s to bk khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisr.osler inltie sinjbtv s.ffeko fhe slongvuauhdatrows of o dragexuc fvgtunew odtto uaq  armt  gainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkgend thea.rtogdwe to s.neak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wn eno.jthemhewytacee an  the thousrsd gaturul shocke.
gen: 917 fit: -76 chromo: to be ng n.s to ba khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tis..osler inltie sinjbtv s.ffeko fhe slongvuautdaurows of o rragexuc fvjtunew oueto daq  armk dgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkgend thea.rtogdie to s.zeak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wr eno.jthemhewetacee an  the thous.sd gaturul shocke.
gen: 918 fit: -76 chromo: to be og n.s to by khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tise.osler inltie sinjbtv s.ffeko fhe slongvuaubdacrows of o rragexuc fvvtunew owato daq  armz xgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkgend thea.rtogdbe to s.peak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wf eno.jthemhewntacee an  the thous.sd gaturul shocke.
gen: 919 fit: -76 chromo: to be lg n.s to bd khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisc.osler inltie sinjbtv slffeko fhe slongvuauqdafrows of o iragexuc fvdtunew oh to faq  armw dgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtogdte to s.oeak no more. andfby n sleep to shy ww eno.jthemhexotacee an  the thouspsd gaturul shocke.
gen: 920 fit: -76 chromo: to be cg n.s to br khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisb.osler inltie sinjbtv slffeko fhe slongvuaurdatrows of o sragexuc fvctunew oyato yaq  armj qgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtogdae to s.ieak no more. andfby n sleep to shy w. eno.jthemhexgtacee an  the thousksd gaturul shocke.
gen: 921 fit: -76 chromo: to be kg n.s to bd khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisk.osler inltie sinjatv slffeko fhe slongvuauxdazrows of oshragexuc fvstuneu otsto zaq  armm dgainstiw sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.ztohd.e to s.xebi no more..andfby n sleep to shy we eno.jthemhewytacme an  the thousasd gaturzl shocke.
gen: 922 fit: -76 chromo: to be bg n.t to bs khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tish.osler inltie sinjatr s.ffeko fhe slongvuaujdanrows of osxragexud fvctunew o pto faa  army rgainstim seakofnhroublea acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdhe to szeeai no more. andhby n sleep ro shy w. eno.ithemhewmtacee an  the thoususd gaturul shocke.
gen: 923 fit: -76 chromo: to be bg n.s to bs khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tasf.osler inltie sinjbtu slffeko fhe slongvuauxdadrows of osdragexuc fvrtunew oyqto vaq  armw mgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.ztohdge to  .aebk no more. andfby f sleep to shy wr eno.jthemhexctacme an  the thouslsd gaturnl shocke.
gen: 924 fit: -76 chromo: to be dg n.s to bq khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisq.osler inltie sinjbtv slffeko fhe slongvuaumdaqrows of o qragexuc fvntunew oiwto taq  armc tgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtogdle to s. eak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wq eno.jthemhexqtacee an  the thousmsd gaturul shocke.
gen: 925 fit: -76 chromo: to be og n.t to bb khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisi.osler inltie sinjatr s.ffeko fhe slongvuaubdayrows of osoragexud fvmtunew oolto caa  armh kgainstim seakofnhroublea acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdpe to szyeai no more. andhby n sleep ro shy wv eno.ithemhewmtacee an  the thouszsd gaturul shocke.
gen: 926 fit: -75 chromo: to be sg n.s to br khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisa.osler inltie sinjatv slffeko fhe slongfuauldasrows of o qragexuc fvgtunew ojzto qac  armv jgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdie to s.reak no more. andnby m sleep to shy ww eno.jthenhewetacee an  the thousosd gaturul shocke.
gen: 927 fit: -75 chromo: to be ng n.y to bc khat isktde queztiot.vwhether tisi.osler inltie  injetv s.ffeko hhe slongvuaukdanrows of osnragexud fvmtunef ogyto eaa  arm. egainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdse to s.vebk no more. andfby n sleep to shy ww eno.ithemhewftacee an  the thouscsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 928 fit: -75 chromo: to be ng n.s to bz khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisl.osler inltie sinjbtv slffeko fhe slongvuaurdavrows of o kragexuc fvwtunew oahto laq  armt ggainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtogdce to s.oeak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wa eno.jthemhexctacee an  the thouszsd gaturul shocke.
gen: 929 fit: -75 chromo: to be gg n.t to bv khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisg.osler inltie sinjatv s.ffekokfhe slongvuaurdaerows of osxragexud fvxtunew oyato jaa  arme ngainstim sea ofmhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdqe to s.xeai no more. andfby n sleep to shy we eno.ithemhewftacme an  the thousisd gatural shocke.
gen: 930 fit: -75 chromo: to be zg n.s to bk khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisu.osler inltie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongvuauwdazrows of osuragexud fvatunew onoto paa  arms againstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdve to s.veak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wm eno.jthemhewxtacee an  the thousqsd gaturul shocke.
gen: 931 fit: -75 chromo: to be kg n.s to bi khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisf.osler inltie sinjbtv slffeko fhe slongvuauadacrows of o hragexuc fvwtunew oefto yaq  arml vgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtogdye to s.peak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wh eno.jthemhexftacee an  the thousgsd gaturul shocke.
gen: 932 fit: -75 chromo: to be wg n.s to bx khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisj.osler inltie sinjetv s.ffekk fhe slongvuaujdaerows of o lragexud fvdtunew oy to waa  arm  xgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdhe to s.oebk no more. andnby m sleep to shy w. enk.ithenhewdtacee an  the thousnsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 933 fit: -75 chromo: to be ng n.s to bs khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tisc.osler inltie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongvuaubdanrows of osdragexud fvytunew oeqto aaa  armf againstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdpe to s.meak no more. andfby n sleep to shy w. eno.jthemhewatacee an  the thousbsd gaturul shocke.
gen: 934 fit: -75 chromo: to be gg n.s to bf khat isitce queztiot.vwhether tis .osler inltie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongvuauvdajrows of osrragexud fvvtunew orwto paa  armk tgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdbe to s.ueak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wy eno.jthemhewctacee an  the thousssd gaturul shocke.
gen: 935 fit: -75 chromo: to be wg n.t to by khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisn.osler inltie sinjatv slffeko fhe slongfuauudaarows of osvragexud fvntunew ospto faa  armh qhainstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdke to s.geak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wh eno.jthemhelvtacee an  the thous.sd gaturul shockm.
gen: 936 fit: -75 chromo: to be fg n.s to bw khat isktce queztiot.vwhether tisu.osler inltie sinjatv slffeko fhe slongvuauhdayrows of oscragexud fvvtunew orbto vaa  arma ygainstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdwe to s.weai no more. andfby m sleep to shy ww eno.jthemhewhtacee an  the thous.sd gaturul shocke.
gen: 937 fit: -75 chromo: to be zg n.s to bw khat isktce queztiot.vwhether tish.osler inltie sinjatv slffeko fhe slongvuauxdahrows of osqragexud fvvtunew or to jaa  armc .gainstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdye to s.veai no more. andfby m sleep to shy wg eno.jthemhewstacee an  the thous.sd gaturul shocke.
gen: 938 fit: -75 chromo: to be .g n.t to bo khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisg.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuaufdatrows of osbragexud fvttunew okkto daa  armb hgainstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdxe to s.reak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wr eno.jthemhewutacee an  the thous.sd gaturul shockm.
gen: 939 fit: -75 chromo: to be ag n.t to ba khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tiss.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuauddanrows of oskragexud fvatunew oobto uaa  armx kgainstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdke to s.reak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wk eno.jthemhewltacee an  the thous.sd gaturul shockm.
gen: 940 fit: -75 chromo: to be hg n.t to bw khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisr.osler inltig sinjatu slffelo fhe slongfuauzdaerows of o wragexud fvrtuneg o xto saa  armg sgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtogdre to s.oeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy sa eno.jthemhew.tacee an  the thouszsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 941 fit: -75 chromo: to be gg n.t to bv khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisl.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuaukda.rows of osgragexud fvctunew ounto xaa  armz kgainstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdce to s.ueak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wl eno.jthemhewytacee an  the thous.sd gaturul shockm.
gen: 942 fit: -75 chromo: to be ag n.t to bz khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisc.osler inltie sinjatv slffeko fhe slkngvuaukda rows of ocoragexud.fvitunew oapto naq  arm  cgainstim sea ofnhroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtogdle to s.meak no more. andfby m sleep to shy w. eno.jthemhew tjcee an  the thoushqd gaturul whockm.
gen: 943 fit: -75 chromo: to be lg n.t to bl khat isitde queztipr.vwhether tist.osler inltie winjetv slffelo fhe slongvuaufdalrows of ossragexud fvwtuneh oaxto nar  armp .gaanstim sea ofnxroublee acd by olpasinkwend thea.rtohdze to s.seqk no more. andfby m sleep to sxy wl enp.jthemhew tacee an  the thous.sd gaturul shockm.
gen: 944 fit: -75 chromo: to be fg n.t to bg khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisk.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuauedacrows of osnragexud fvrtunew oo to iaa  arme pgainstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdoe to s.ieak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wc eno.jthemhewstacee an  the thous.sd gaturul shockm.
gen: 945 fit: -75 chromo: to be pg n.t to b  khat isitde queztiot.vwhmther tisk.osler inktie sinjatv slffeko fhe slongvuaugdakrows of o nragexud fvetunew o hto yaa  armp againstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpcsinkwend thea.rtohdde to s.oeak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wo eno.ithemhewltacme an  the thous.sd gaturml shockm.
gen: 946 fit: -75 chromo: to be eg n.t to bc khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisf.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuauzdacrows of oszragexud fvytuneg ogbto daa  armx ngainstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdne to s.meak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wh eno.jthemhewdtacee an  the thous.sd gaturul shockm.
gen: 947 fit: -75 chromo: to be ng n.t to b. khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tish.osler inltie sinjatx slffeko fhe slongvuaufdatrows of o gragexudkfvetunew omgto vaa  armk fgainstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdpe to s.qeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy ws eno.jtheyhewmtacee an  the thous.sd gaturdl shockm.
gen: 948 fit: -75 chromo: to be .g n.t to bq khat isztde queztiot.vwhmtfer tisx.osler ijktie sinjatv slffeko fhe slongvuaufdaurows of o kragexud fvvtunew o.lto naa  arm. ygainstin sea ofnxroublem acd by okpcsinkwend thea.rtohdxe to s.ieak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wf eno.ithemhewktacme an  the thous.sd gaturcl shockm.
gen: 949 fit: -75 chromo: to be rg n.t to bx khat isztde queztiot.vwhmther tisn.osler inltie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongvuaursatrows of o aragexud fvrtunew o.xto paq. armi mgainstin sea ofnxroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdze to slleak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wb eno.jthemhewutacee an  the thous.qd gaturpl shockm.
gen: 950 fit: -75 chromo: to be pg n.t to bs khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisl.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuauzdafrows of os.ragexud fvstunew onpto caa  armm ygainstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohd.e to s.heak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wo eno.jthemhewwtacee an  the thous.sd gaturul shockm.
gen: 951 fit: -75 chromo: to be rg n.t to bl khat isitde queztiot.vwhmther tisz.osler inltie sinjatv slffeko fhe slongvuauzhahrows of o jragexud fv tuneg ogxto qaa  arms tgainstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtogdva to s.ieak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wg eno.jthemhewqtacme an  the thous.sd gaturul shockm.
gen: 952 fit: -75 chromo: to be .g n.t to bp khat isitde queztiot.vwhmther tisl.osler inltie sinjatv slffeko fhe slongvuaulharrows of o wragexud fv tuneg osgto taa  armz tgainstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtogdna to s.keak no more. andfby n sleep to shy wa eno.jthemhewdtacme an  the thous.sd gaturul shockm.
gen: 953 fit: -75 chromo: to be  g n.t to bp khat isztde queztiot.vwhmther tisc.osler inltie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongvuauqsacrows of o bragexud fvntunew odlto uaq. arma xgainstin sea ofnxroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohd.e to sloeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wd eno.jthemhewitacee an  the thous.qd gaturel shockm.
gen: 954 fit: -75 chromo: to be qg n.t to bx khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisr.osler inltie sinnetu slffelo fhe slongvuavidadrows of oswragexud fvatunew ozmto haa  armb jgainstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdje to s.peak no more. andfby m sleep to shy we eno.jthemhewdtacee an  the thous.sd gaturul shockm.
gen: 955 fit: -75 chromo: to be lg n.t to bv khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisc.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuaufdaqrows of oszragexud fvrtuneg oucto .aa  arml zgainstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdme to s.peak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wd eno.jthemhewktacee an  the thous.sd gaturul shockm.
gen: 956 fit: -75 chromo: to be vg n.t to ba khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisy.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuau dawrows of osgragexud fvltunew oqato naa  armi egainstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdke to s..eak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wt eno.jthemhewstacee an  the thous.sd gaturul shockm.
gen: 957 fit: -75 chromo: to be jg n.t to bm khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tiss.osler inltie sinnetu slffelo fhe slongvuavbdacrows of ospragexud fvrtunew oq.to  aa  armc cgainstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdfe to s. eak no more. andfby m sleep to shy ww eno.jthemhewntacee an  the thous.sd gaturul shockm.
gen: 958 fit: -75 chromo: to be jg n.t to bh khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisj.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuauldagrows of osyragexud fvwtunew ojzto zaa  army ngainstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdse to s.reak no more. andfby m sleep to shy ww eno.jthemhewttacee an  the thous.sd gaturul shockm.
gen: 959 fit: -75 chromo: to be pg n.t to bd khat isztde queztiot.vwhmther tisp.osler inltie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongvuautsabrows of o  ragexud fvbtunew ontto jaq. armg mgainstin sea ofnxroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdfe to sleeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy w  eno.jthemhewetacee an  the thouslqd gaturxl shockm.
gen: 960 fit: -75 chromo: to be xg n.t to be khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisp.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuavkdaxrows of osaragexud fvxtunew oddto gaa  arm  xgainstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdde to s.leak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wx eno.jthemhewntacee an  the thous.sd gaturul shockm.
gen: 961 fit: -75 chromo: to be kg n.t to by khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisy.osler inltie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongvuauesacrows of osiragexuh fv tunew o.ito vaq. armx qgainstip sea ofnxroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdce to sloeak no more. andfby i sleep to shy wi eno.jthemhewztacee an  the thous.qd gaturhl shockm.
gen: 962 fit: -75 chromo: to be gg n.t to bq khat isitde queztiot.vwhmther tiso.osler inltie sinjetv slffako fhe slongvuauwhaurows of o zragehud fvttunew oefto zaa. armm dgainstim sea ofnxroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdee to slmeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy ww eno.jthemhewetacee an  the thouslsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 963 fit: -75 chromo: to be fg n.t to bw khat isitde queztiot.vwhmther tish.osler inltie sinjetv slffako fhe slongvuaufhavrows of o aragehud fvftunew ovtto qaa. armu ygainstim sea ofnxroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdoe to slueak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wd eno.jthemhewgtacee an  the thouslsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 964 fit: -75 chromo: to be tg n.t to bo khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisi.osler inltie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongvuauzsarrows of osmragexuh fvmtunew ozkto kaq. armg ogainstip sea ofnxroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdoe to slweak no more. andfby i sleep to shy wj eno.jthemhew tacee an  the thous.qd gaturbl shockm.
gen: 965 fit: -75 chromo: to be eg n.t to bz khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisa.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongfuavddalrows of o oragexud fvqtunew orato faa  armi fgainstin sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohd e to slieak no more. ajdfby m sleep to shy ws eno.jthemhewstacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 966 fit: -75 chromo: to be mg n.t to bb khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisq.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuavydarrows of o wragexud fv tunew ownto caa  armm againstin sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdpe to slpeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wi eno.jthemhewctacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 967 fit: -75 chromo: to be cg n.t to bs khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tist.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuavtdaqrows of o bragexud fvktunew odcto paa  arml ygainstin sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdye to slleak no more. andfby m sleep to shy ww eno.jthemhewptacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 968 fit: -75 chromo: to be hg n.t to bg khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tiss.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuavrdafrows of o sragexud fvmtunew ocvto raa  arm  jgainstin sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohd.e to sleeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wc eno.jthemhew.tacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 969 fit: -75 chromo: to be ig n.t to bf khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisd.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauhsahrows of o fragexud fvltunew ojnto jaa. arma egainstin sea ofntrgublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdze to slzeak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wu eno.jthemhewqtacee an  the thouslqd gaturul shockm.
gen: 970 fit: -75 chromo: to be gg n.t to bb khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisx.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuavbdasrows of o nragexud fvmtunew osrto jaa  arma rgainstin sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdze to sl.eak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wp eno.jthemhewntacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 971 fit: -75 chromo: to be kg n.t to bp khat isirde queztiot.vwhether tisw.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuaugdahrows of o pragexud fvltunew owgto jaa  armv  gainstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdne to slheak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wv eno.jthemhewmtacee an  the thous.qd gatur.l shockm.
gen: 972 fit: -75 chromo: to be kg n.t to bh khat isirde queztiot.vwhether tisv.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuaukdaorows of o lragexud fvwtunew oiito vaa  armu ggainstim sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdze to slpeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wt eno.jthemhewvtacee an  the thous.qd gaturwl shockm.
gen: 973 fit: -75 chromo: to be gg n.t to bv khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisz.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuavodaprows of o sragexud fvutunew onkto haa  arma jgainstin sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdhe to slgeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wt eno.jthemhewhtacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 974 fit: -75 chromo: to be mc n.t tp ba khat isitbe queztiot.twhether tisx.osler inltie sinjetw slffelo fhe slongvuauhdaerows of o fragexuh fvttunew okvto gaa  armg  gainstim sea ofnxroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdae to slneak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wp eno.jthemhewptacee an  the thouslqd gatursl shocko.
gen: 975 fit: -75 chromo: to be og n.t to bx khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisk.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuavsdajrows of o .ragexud fvwtunew ooato yaa  armr againstin sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdfe to slceak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wb eno.jthemhewhtacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 976 fit: -75 chromo: to be gg n.t to bu khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisi.osler inltke sinjftveslffeko fhe slongvuaursamrows of oshragexuh fvqtunew otuto gaq. arml pgainstip sea ofnxroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdze to slceak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wn eno.jthemhewrtacee an  the thous.qd gaturll shockm.
gen: 977 fit: -75 chromo: to be fg n.t to bd khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisf.osler inltie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongvuauytairows of o sragexud fv tunew oepto faq. armz wgainstip sea ofnxroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdje to slpeak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wq eno.jthemhewntacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 978 fit: -74 chromo: to bu tc n.t to bi khat isitde queztiot.uwhether tisb.osler inltie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongveaubsabrows of osdragexud fvatunew o.sto saq  armd khainstip sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdie to sldebk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy w. eno.jthemhew tacee an  the thous.qd gaturml shockm.
gen: 979 fit: -74 chromo: to be gg n.t to bi khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisq.osler inltke sinjftv slffeko fhe slongvuauksajrows of o eragexud fv tunew oooto eaa. armw pgainstin sea ofnxrgublem acd bykokpasinkwend thea.rtohdre to slieak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wq eno.jthemhewctacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 980 fit: -74 chromo: to be bg n.t to bo khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisf.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuavodairows of o nragexud fvwtunew ousto haa. armj lgainstin sea ofnxroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdoe to sljeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wr eno.jthemhewbtacee any the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 981 fit: -74 chromo: to be qg n.t to bu khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tism.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuaurdanrows of oscragexuh fvbtuney odlto yae. arm   gainstim sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdde to slieak no more. andfby m sleep to shy w. eno.jthemhewrtacee an  the thouslqd gaturul shockm.
gen: 982 fit: -74 chromo: to be ng n.t to by khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisc.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuauodanrows of osgragexuh fvatunej oekto fae. armg .gainstim sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdpe to sldeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wq eno.jthemhewutacee an  the thouslqd gaturul shockm.
gen: 983 fit: -74 chromo: to be  g n.t to bh khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisd.osler inltie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongxuaumsarrows of osbbagexud fvztunew onlto faq. armd tgainstim sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdle to slnebk no more. andfby i sleep to shy w. eno.jthemhewgtacee an  the thous.qd gatur l shockm.
gen: 984 fit: -74 chromo: to be lg n.t to by khat isitde queztiot.uwhether tisa.osler inltie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongvuaujdairows of osiragexuh fvctunel oxoto bae. arm  ggainstjm sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdae to slveak no more. andfby m sdeep to sdy wn eno.jthemhewitacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 985 fit: -74 chromo: to be fg n.t to by khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisy.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuauadaurows of osiragexuh fvqtunes okbto  ae. armr cgainstim sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdre to sleeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy ws eno.jthemhewwtacee an  the thouslqd gaturul shockm.
gen: 986 fit: -74 chromo: to be ig n.t to bs khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisi.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuauudaurows of ospragexuh fvbtunex oxeto xae. armk againstim sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdwe to slyeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wm eno.jthemhew.tacee an  the thouslqd gaturul shockm.
gen: 987 fit: -74 chromo: to be qg n.t to bd khat isitde queztiot.uwhether tisa.osler indtie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongweaumsamrows of osnragexuh fvotunef ouzto yae. armt againstjm sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdfe to slceak no more. andfby i sdeep to sdy wn eno.jthemhewltacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 988 fit: -74 chromo: to be dg n.t to be khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisk.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuau.dafrows of osxragexuh fvrtunew ogcto kae. armt  gainstim sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdne to slpeak no more. andfby m wleep to shy wg eno.jthemhewbtacee an  the thouslqd gaturul shockm.
gen: 989 fit: -74 chromo: to be ag n.t to b  khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisq.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauadamrows of osuragexuh fv.tunea osnto paq  army ogainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdfe to slueak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy w  eno.jthemhewntacee an  the thous.qd gaturfl shockm.
gen: 990 fit: -74 chromo: to be fg n.t to by khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisv.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauudarrows of oshragexuh fvdtunev or.to daq  armc zgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdse to slpeak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wk eno.jthemhewutacee an  the thous.qd gaturll shockm.
gen: 991 fit: -74 chromo: to be xg n.t to b  khat isztde queztios.vwhesher tisi.osler inltie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongvuauqcanrows of oswragexud fvltunew oftto paa. armp ggainstim sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinksend thea.rtohdre to slqebk no more. andfby m sleep to shy wn eno.jthemhewutacee an  the thous.qd gaturml shockm.
gen: 992 fit: -74 chromo: to be dg n.t to bp khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tish.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaugdacrows of osxragexuh fvxtunex oxbto oaq  armm ggainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdfe to sl.eak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wp eno.jthemhewqtacee an  the thous.qd gaturbl shockm.
gen: 993 fit: -73 chromo: to be bg n.t to bq khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisd.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuauldafrows of osuragexuh fv.tunej orito mae. armk sgainstim sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdce to slmeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wt eno.jthemhewstacee an  the thouslqd gaturul shockm.
gen: 994 fit: -73 chromo: to be dg n.t to bu khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisd.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauodaurows of osrragewuh fvttune  ozeto haq  arm. lgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdle to slheak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy we eno.jthemhewvtacee an  the thous.qd gaturdl shockm.
gen: 995 fit: -73 chromo: to be lg n.t to bm khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisx.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuaundadrows of osdragexuh fvqtunem oolto lae. armv jgainstim sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdve to slheak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wq eno.jthemhew tacee an  the thouslqd gaturul shockm.
gen: 996 fit: -73 chromo: to be jg n.t to bf khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisp.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuautda.rows of osqragexuh fvttunee onxto kae. armt hgainstim sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdje to slbeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy ww eno.jthemhewbtacee an  the thouslqd gaturul shockm.
gen: 997 fit: -73 chromo: to be ig n.t to bp khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisq.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauyda.rows of oskragexuh fvwtuned otdto gaq  arm. sgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdje to slceak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wi eno.jthemhewotacee an  the thous.qd gaturkl shockm.
gen: 998 fit: -73 chromo: to be xg n.t to bq khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisk.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaugdaxrows of osuragexuh fvmtunei ooito qaq  armc jgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohd.e to sl eak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wd eno.jthemhewetacee an  the thous.qd gaturwl shockm.
gen: 999 fit: -73 chromo: to be bg n.t to bk khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisa.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongxuaursatrows of osoragexuh fvytunew ootto raa. armp ggainstim sea ofntroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohd e to slseak no more. andfby i sleep to shy wr eno.jthemhewjtacee an  the thous.qd gaturol shockm.
gen: 1000 fit: -73 chromo: to be ug n.t to bg khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisz.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuau.dakrows of osbragexuh fvttunet odbto jaq  armq  gainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdbe to slzeak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wd eno.jthemhewjtacee an  the thous.qd gaturnl shockm.
gen: 1001 fit: -73 chromo: to be sg n.t to bd khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisn.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaupdavrows of osrragexuh fvgtunea ojgto .aq  arms hgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdze to slkeak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy we eno.jthemhewxtacee an  the thous.qd gaturpl shockm.
gen: 1002 fit: -73 chromo: to be fg n.t to by khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tiso.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauzdakrows of osnragexud fvxtunez ohzto  ae. armz zgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thee.rtohd e to sleeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wm eno.jthemhewhtacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 1003 fit: -73 chromo: to be og n.t to bb khat isitde queztiot.uwhether tis .osler inltie sinjmtu slffeko fhe slongxuaufdavrows of oslragexuh fv tuneu oqtto aaa. armh zgainstim sea ofntroublee acd by okpasinkwend thee.rtohdre to sldeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wf eno.jthemhewatacee an  the thous.qd gaturxl shockm.
gen: 1004 fit: -73 chromo: to be rg n.t to ba khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisr.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauodaqrows of oswragexud fvetuneq othto sae. armp cgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thee.rtohdce to sl eak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wp eno.jthemhewltacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 1005 fit: -73 chromo: to be zg n.t to bi khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisj.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauwdairows of osyragexud fvttunez okxto zae. armr igainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thee.rtohdve to sldeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wr eno.jthemhewztacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 1006 fit: -73 chromo: to be og n.t to bm khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisy.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongxuauhsaerows of oshragexuh fvytunez oknto eaa. armx .gainstim sea ofntroublee acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdve to slaeak no more. andfby i sleep to shy ww eng.jthemhewftacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 1007 fit: -73 chromo: to be .g n.t to bu khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisc.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaupsaurows of osvragexux fvitunex ovoto yae. armn wgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thee.rtohdse to slaeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wm eno.jthemhewitacee an  the thous.rd gaturvl shockm.
gen: 1008 fit: -73 chromo: to be wg n.t to bi khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisg.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauhsabrows of ossragexux fvttuned ouato eae. arma egainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thee.rtohdce to slreak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wu eno.jthemhewhtacee an  the thous.rd gatur.l shockm.
gen: 1009 fit: -73 chromo: to be hg n.t to br khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tist.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauesaqrows of os.ragexux fvgtunei oueto qae. armf ugainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thee.rtohdre to sl.eak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wz eno.jthemhewotacee an  the thous.rd gaturyl shockm.
gen: 1010 fit: -73 chromo: to be sg n t to bx khat isitde queztiot.vwhetheb tiso.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongxuaunsawrows of osnragexux fvxtuneg oyfto kaa. armh lgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thee.qtohdle to slfeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy ww eno.jthemhew.tacee an  the thous.rd gaturxl shockm.
gen: 1011 fit: -73 chromo: to be zg n t to bf khat isitde queztiot.vwhetheb tisp.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongxuaupsavrows of oseragexux fvmtunen oiato qaa. armu ggainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thee.qtohdte to sldeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wf eno.jthemhewltacee an  the thous.rd gatural shockm.
gen: 1012 fit: -73 chromo: to be xg n t to br khat isitde queztiot.vwhetheb tisb.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongxuauxsasrows of osyragexux fvntunev ocmto zaa. arm  mgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thee.qtohdhe to slieak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wq eno.jthemhewdtacee an  the thous.rd gaturfl shockm.
gen: 1013 fit: -73 chromo: to be bg n.t to ba khat isitde queztiot.xwhether tis..osler inltie  injmtu slffelo fhe slongvuaundazrows of osqragexud fvitunex osnto fae. arm  dgainstim sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwund thee.rtohdie to slkeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wm eno.jthemheuytacee an  the thous.rd gaturol shockm.
gen: 1014 fit: -73 chromo: to be og n.t to bc khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tis .osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauysagrows of osjragexux fvotune. ooyto yae. armg cgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thee.rtohdse to slyeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wk eno.jthemhewptacee an  the thous.rd gaturil shockm.
gen: 1015 fit: -73 chromo: to be bg n.t to bn khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisi.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuau daxrows of osuragexuh fvutunen outto oaq  armh kgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdse to sleeak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wf eno.jthemhewltacee an  the thous.qd gaturyl shockm.
gen: 1016 fit: -73 chromo: to be hg n.t to bx khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisf.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaupsaqrows of oswragexux fvqtunep ossto lae. armn  gainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thee.rtohdce to sl eak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wn eno.jthemhewwtacee an  the thous.rd gaturhl shockm.
gen: 1017 fit: -73 chromo: to be jg n.t to by khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisy.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaumdajrows of osnragexuh fvstuneq odmto xaq  army ygainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdae to sljeak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wc eno.jthemhewxtacee an  the thous.qd gaturyl shockm.
gen: 1018 fit: -72 chromo: to be eg n.t to bq khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisa.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauadaarows of oscragexud fvjtunee oowto gae. armq lgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thee.rtohdye to slleak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wq eno.jthemhewdtacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 1019 fit: -72 chromo: to be fg n.t to bo khat isitde queztiot.xwhether tisu.osler inltie sinjmtu slffelo fhe slongvuauedaerows of osprageiuh fvxtunep ogzto fae  armd xgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdie to slgeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wx eno.jthemhewotacee an  the thous.qd gaturvl shockm.
gen: 1020 fit: -72 chromo: to be .g n.t to b. khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tism.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauadahrows of osxragexud fvjtuneh ojpto eae. armf wgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thee.rtohd e to slzeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wt eno.jthemhewptacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 1021 fit: -72 chromo: to be tg n.t to bi khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisq.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaucdaerows of oszragexud fvwtunek ofvto zae. arme vgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thee.rtohdge to sloeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wb eno.jthemhewjtacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 1022 fit: -72 chromo: to be xg n.t to bp khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tiso.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaukdabrows of mseragecud fvgtune. oqeto fae. armu againsxin sea ofntroublem acd by okpisinkwend thea.rtohdke to slyeac no more. andfby e sleep to sfy wy eno.jthemhfwvtacee an  the thous.qd gatursl shockm.
gen: 1023 fit: -72 chromo: to be tg n.t to bw khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisw.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaucdavrows of ospragexuh fvktunel owbto paq  armj xgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpisinkwend thea.rtohdoe to slgeak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wt eno.jthemhewxtacee an  the thouslqd gaturel shockm.
gen: 1024 fit: -72 chromo: to be ug n.t to bw khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisx.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaubsafrows of osyragexux fvvtunen oleto bae. armo ygainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thee.rtohdce to slzeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wv eno.jthemhewctacee an  the thous.rd gaturdl shockm.
gen: 1025 fit: -72 chromo: to be  g n.t to bv khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisw.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhm slongvuauysafrows of osrragexux fvctuneh ofsto zaa. armo igainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdbe to slneak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wp eno.jthemhewitacee an  the thous.qd gatural shockm.
gen: 1026 fit: -72 chromo: to be yg n.t to be khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisl.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauddaqrows of osfragexud fvqtune  oxeto dae. armq egainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thee.rtohdze to slheak no more. andfby e sleep to shy wt eno.jthemdewttacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 1027 fit: -72 chromo: to be ig n.t to bd khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tiss.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauosavrows of osvragexux fvjtuneg oe to qae. armb mgainstin sea ofntroudlem acd by okpasinkwend thee.rtohdbe to slseak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wi eno.jthemhewztacee an  the thous.rd gaturll shockm.
gen: 1028 fit: -72 chromo: to be gg n.t to bo chat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisy.osler injtie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaumdazrows of osoragexux fvztunep ohhto rae  armz rgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend tgea.rtohd.e to slqeak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wk eno.jthemhewmtacee an  the thous.rd gaturpl shockm.
gen: 1029 fit: -72 chromo: to be sg n.t to bw khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tis..osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauisaprows of osdragexux fvwtune. owoto cae. armr wgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thee.rtohdue to sl.eak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wo eno.jthemhewmtacee an  the thous.rd gaturtl shockm.
gen: 1030 fit: -72 chromo: to be fg n.t to br khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisl.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaucdarrows of osvragexud fvptuned oe.to nae. armj ogainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thee.rtohdse to sl eak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wd eno.jthemhewntacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 1031 fit: -72 chromo: to be jg n.t to bi khat isitde queztiot.vwhether tisn.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauldazrows of oseragexud fvttunep oknto gae. armt ogainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thee.rtohdae to slmeak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wd eno.jthemhew tacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 1032 fit: -72 chromo: to be .g n.t to bh khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisg.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauddaorows of ossragexuh fvxtune  obrto hay  armq mgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpisinkwend thea.rtohdee to slheak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy ww eno.jthemhewrtacee an  the thousbqd gaturbl shockm.
gen: 1033 fit: -72 chromo: to be xg n.t to bb khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tiso.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaupdagrows of osyragexuh fvotunei omytp xaq  armu againstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdre to sl.eqk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wj eno.jthemhew tacee an  the thous.qd gaturhl shockm.
gen: 1034 fit: -72 chromo: to be jg n t to bm khat isitde queztimt.vwhether tisk.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slonguuaukdawrows of osarage uc fvstunea ok.to eae. arm. rgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtofdze to slqeak no more. andfby i sleep to shy wp eno.jthemhesxtacee an  the thous.qd gaturtl shockm.
gen: 1035 fit: -72 chromo: to be og n.t to bw khat isitde queztiot.uwhether tis .osler inltie sinjetu slffeko ehe slongvuauada.rows of osvragexux fvvtunev oqhto mae. brmn fgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdxe to slkeak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wf eno.jthemhewhtacee an  the thous.qd gaturwl shockm.
gen: 1036 fit: -72 chromo: to be sg n.t to bi khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tist.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaujdahrows of oseragexuh fvatunee oscto oay  arma ugainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpisinlwend thea.rtohdge to slteak no more. andfby m sleep to scy wr eno.jthemhewwtacee an  the thouszqd gaturml shockm.
gen: 1037 fit: -72 chromo: to be xg n.t to bd khat isztde queztiot.vwhether tisj.osler inltie sinjetu slffelo fhe slongvuau.dawrows of oscragexuh fuitunef onuto laz. armn cgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdce to slyeak no more. andfby mysleep to sdy wc eno.jthemhewstacee an  the thous.qd gaturml shockm.
gen: 1038 fit: -72 chromo: to be fg n.t to bn khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tiss.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaubdawrows of osyragexuh fvqtunef o.hto kaq  armd qgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdze to slueak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wr eno.jthemhewutacee an  the thous.qd gaturnl shockm.
gen: 1039 fit: -72 chromo: to be yg n.t to bn khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisy.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaubdajrows of oseragexuh fvptunek od.to uaq  armk tgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdwe to slceak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wu eno.jthemhewwtacee an  the thous.qd gaturwl shockm.
gen: 1040 fit: -72 chromo: to be hg n.t to bx khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisb.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauodawrows of osgragexux fvitunel owvto nae  armr ogainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdme to slweak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wc eno.jthemhewjtacee an  the thousjqd gaturkl shockm.
gen: 1041 fit: -72 chromo: to be ng n.t to b. khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisg.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauadaarows of osqragexux fvbtunet olato fae  arme againstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohd.e to slpeak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wo eno.jthemhewotacee an  the thouslqd gaturcl shockm.
gen: 1042 fit: -72 chromo: to be ng n.t to bm khat isztbe queztiot.uwhether tisp.osler inltie tinjetu slffeko fhe slonguuauydaerows of oshragebuc fvvtuneg oj.to vae. armp hgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpisinksend thea.rtofdte to sljeak no more. andfby m sleep to sdz wo eno.jthemhewctacee an  the thous.qd gaturil shockm.
gen: 1043 fit: -72 chromo: to be .g n.t to b  khat isztde queztio..vwhether tisa.osler in.tie sinjeta slffeco fhe slonguuaucdaurogs of oswragefuc fvdtuneo otato rag. armx lgainstin seb ofntroublem acd by okpisinkwend thea.rtofdle to slieak no more. andfby i sleep to sdy wz eno.jthemhekttacee an  the thous.qd gaturbl shockm.
gen: 1044 fit: -72 chromo: to be zg n.t to bp khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisi.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauhdaorows of osxragexux fvetuneu opyto yae  armi jgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdce to sl eak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wq eno.jthemhewutacee an  the thousiqd gaturpl shockm.
gen: 1045 fit: -72 chromo: to be jg n.t to bc khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisl.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauxdavrows of osuragexux fvetune  ocfto uae  armx vgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohd.e to slueak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wt eno.jthemhewftacee an  the thousyqd gaturel shockm.
gen: 1046 fit: -72 chromo: to be wg n.t to bd khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tish.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuau datrows of osdragexux fvttunea odqto fae  arma igainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdze to sl.eak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy ws eno.jthemhewgtacee an  the thousjqd gaturcl shockm.
gen: 1047 fit: -72 chromo: to be wg n.t to bg khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisa.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauidavrows of oshragexux fvntunep ouhto  ae  arm  mgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdge to slceak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy w  eno.jthemhewwtacee an  the thousbqd gaturhl shockm.
gen: 1048 fit: -72 chromo: to be  g n.t to bu khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tiso.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauvdaqrows of osfragexuh fvrtunea o.bto vay  armg rgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpisinlwend thea.rtohdqe to slyeak no more. andfby m sleep to scy wt eno.jthemhewytacee an  the thous qd gatursl shockm.
gen: 1049 fit: -72 chromo: to be gg n.t to bp ihat isztde queztio..vwhether tisi.osler in.tie sinjett slffecg fhe slonguuaukdaurows of osqragegux fvftuneo ooato qag  armo vgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpisinkwend thea.rtofd e to slreak no more. andfby i sleep to sdy ww eno.jthemhewqtacfe an  the thous.qd gaturil shockm.
gen: 1050 fit: -72 chromo: to be .g n.t to bh ihat isztde queztio..vwhether tiss.osler in.tie sinjetf slffecg fhe slonguuauadaurows of osxrageaux fvutunex ougto bag  arme vgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpisinkwend thea.rtofdce to sldeak no more. andfby i sleep to sdy wb eno.jthemhewbtacfe an  the thous.qd gaturxl shockm.
gen: 1051 fit: -72 chromo: to be yg n.t to bx khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisq.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaupdaxrows of osbragexux fvktuneh o oto yae  armh lgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdwe to slweak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wr eno.jthemhewqtacee an  the thouskqd gaturil shockm.
gen: 1052 fit: -72 chromo: to be lg n.t to bx ihat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisa.osler inltie sinjety slffekg fhe slonguuawidalrows of oszragexux fvktuneh oitto  ag  army bgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpisinkwend thea.rtofdxe to slueak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.jthemhewstacfe an  the thous.qd gaturwl shockm.
gen: 1053 fit: -72 chromo: to be zg n.t to b  ihat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisq.osler inltie sinjety slffekg fhe slonguuawidaerows of osbragexux fvatunex ohlto rag  armv egainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpisinkwend thea.rtofdoe to slbeak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.jthemhewftacfe an  the thous.qd gaturgl shockm.
gen: 1054 fit: -72 chromo: to be hg n.t to bl ihat isztde queztio..vwhether tisv.osler in.tie sinjetv slffecg fhe slonguuauhdaurows of osbragequx fvetunev oqrto zag  armw vgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpisinkwend thea.rtofdee to slteak no more. andfby i sleep to sdy wt eno.jthemhewdtacfe an  the thous.qd gaturbl shockm.
gen: 1055 fit: -72 chromo: to be bg n.t to bn khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisb.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaxudafrows of ostragexuf fvxtuner ockto jay. armr ogainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpisinlwend thea.rtofd e to slieak no more. andfby m slegp to scy ws eno.jthumhetwtacee an  the thousiqd gaturdl shockm.
gen: 1056 fit: -72 chromo: to be hg n.t to b  khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisv.osler jn.tie sinjetj slffeco fhe slongvuautdaurows of osvragebux fvctuneo ooyto wag  armd ngainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpisinlwend thea.rtofdwe to slkeak no more. andfby i sleep to scy wv eno.jthemhetbtacee an  the thousbqd gaturpl shockm.
gen: 1057 fit: -72 chromo: to be wg n.t to bi khat isztde queztio..fwhether tisp.osler in.tie sinjetu slffeco fhe slongvuauydaurows gf osyragerux fvdtunek omato hae  armd vgainstiz sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdue to slzeak no more. andfby i sleep to sdy wf eno.jthemhewltacee an  the thousaqd gaturdl shockm.
gen: 1058 fit: -72 chromo: to be ew n.t to bj khat isztde queztiot.fwhether tisl.osler inktie sinjetu slffeco fheislongvuaubdaurows of osyragexux fvktune  ocbto fae  armh vgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by olpisinlwend thea.rtohdee to sleeak no more. andfby iysleep to scy wv eno.jthemhewptacee an  the thousyqd gaturpl shockm.
gen: 1059 fit: -72 chromo: to be yg n.t to by khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tish.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaudda.rows of oskragexuh fvntune  orzto  ay  arms qgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpisinlwend thea.rtohdse to slfeak no more. andfby m sleep to scy wh eno.jthemhewztacee an  the thousaqd gaturhl shockm.
gen: 1060 fit: -72 chromo: to be bg n.t to bm khat isztde queztio..uwhether tisf.osler inltie sinjetu slffekg fhe slkngvuaukdaurows of osurageuux fvttune  ocvto tae  arm. pgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpisinlwend thea.rtofdbe to slseak no more. andfby i sleep to sdy wo eno.jthemhewstacee an  the thous.qd gaturkl shockm.
gen: 1061 fit: -72 chromo: to be sg n.t to br khat isztde queztio..uwhether tisq.osler in.tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaurows of osxragevux fvitunef olrto  ay  arm. vgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdfe to slreak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemheumtacee an  the thouszqd gaturil shockm.
gen: 1062 fit: -72 chromo: to be pg n.t to b  khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisb.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauddaerows of osyragevux fvgtunex ototo hay  arme cgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpisinlwend thea.rtohdje to slieak no more. andfby m sleep to shy wn eno.jthemhewntacee an  the thouszqd gaturpl shockm.
gen: 1063 fit: -72 chromo: to be bg n.t to bp khat isztde queztio..fwhether tis .osler in.tie sinjetu slffeco fhe slongvuausdaurows of osfragemux fvetunew ozjto bae  armg vgainstia sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdge to slpeak no more. andfby i sleep to sdy wa eno.jthemhewgtacee an  the thouspqd gatur.l shockm.
gen: 1064 fit: -72 chromo: to be qg n.t to bu khat isztde queztio..fwhethar tisf.osler in.tie sinjetu slffeco fhe slongvuauldaurows of oshragezux fvptunej osvto zay  arm  vgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdme to tlseak no more. andfby i sleep to shy wx eno.jthemhewrtacee an  the thoustqd gaturjl shockm.
gen: 1065 fit: -72 chromo: to be sg n.t to ba khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tis .osler inltie sinjetu.slffek  fhe slongvuausdafrows of osiragexux fvitunes oydto pay  armc lgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdbe tk slreak no more. andfby m sleep to scy wm eno.jthemhewmtacee an  the thous.qd gaturql shockm.
gen: 1066 fit: -72 chromo: to be ug n t to bj khat isztde queztio..uwhether tisx.osler in.tie sinjetr slffeko fhe slongvuauhdayrows of osnragecux fvztunej ovkto way  arm. mgainstin sea ofntroublem bcd by okpisinlwend thea.rtohd e to slteak no more. andfby i sleep to scy wf eno.jthemhewvtacee an  the thous.qd gaturul shockm.
gen: 1067 fit: -72 chromo: ro be vg n.t to bi khat isztde queztio..uwhether tisz.osler in.tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slonguuauddaurows of osgragevus fvvtuneh oevto kae  armn ggainstia sea ofntroublem acd by okpisinlwend thea.rtofdke to sldeak no more. andfby j sleep to sdy wr eno.jthemheprtacee an  the thousfqd gaturol shockm.
gen: 1068 fit: -72 chromo: to be zg n.t to be khat isztde queztio..uwhether tisc.osler inltie sinjetv slffekg fhe slkngvuauodaurows of osfragehux fvqtunel oqtto pae  armc wgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend theb.vtofdge to sleeak no more. andfby i sleep to sdy wc eno.jthemhewjtacee an  the thous.qd gatuvsl shockm.
gen: 1069 fit: -72 chromo: to be mg n.t to bw khat isztde queztio..fwhether tisr.osler in.tie sinjetu slffeco fhe slongvuaucdaurows of osaragepux fvatuneb ozoto oae  arml vgainstig sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdke to slqeak no more. andfby i sleep to sdy wq eno.jthemhewztacee an  the thousuqd gatur l shockm.
gen: 1070 fit: -72 chromo: to be ng n.t to bo khat jsztde queztiot.uwhether tisj.osler in.tie sinjutu slffeko fhe slongxuaemda.rows of ostragejuh fvstuneb oerto gay  armd fgainstin sea ofntroublem bcdqby okpisinlwend thea.rtohdue to sleeak no more. andfby m sleep to scy wf eno.jthemhewztacee an  the thous qd gaturel shockm.
gen: 1071 fit: -72 chromo: to be tg n.t to by khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisk.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuau.dairows of ossragexuh fvxtuneo oetto tay  armn egainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdee to slkeak no more. andfby m sleep to scy wt eno.jthemhew.tacee an  the thous.qd gaturdl shockm.
gen: 1072 fit: -72 chromo: to be eg n.t to bj khat isztde queztio..fwhether tisk.osler in.tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaurows of oseragefux fvdtunex ouxto gae  armf vgainstih sea ofntroublem acb by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdpe to slxeak no more. andfby m wleep to sdy wx eno.jthemhewetacee an  the thouslqd gaturrl shockm.
gen: 1073 fit: -72 chromo: to be yg n.t to bt khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisx.osler inltme sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaukdajrows of ospragexuh fvctunen o.gto say  armj dgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdme to slveak no more. andfby m sleep to scy wo eno.jthemhewetacee an  the thous.qd gaturrl shockm.
gen: 1074 fit: -72 chromo: to be xg n.t to bv khat isztde queztio..fwhether tisi.osler in.tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaurows of oskragevux fvztunez od.to yay  armd vgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdye to slmeek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhewjtacee an  the thousfqd gatur.l shockm.
gen: 1075 fit: -72 chromo: to be ug n.t to bv khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisd.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauzdatrows of osgragexuh fvptunef oprto kay  armv dgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rsohdpe to sl.eak no more. andfby m sleep to scy wl eno.jthemhewitacee an  the thous.qd gaturkl shockm.
gen: 1076 fit: -72 chromo: to be  g n.t to be khat isztde queztio..fwhether tisi.osler in.tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaurows of osxragevux fvvtune. odpto lay  arma vgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdqe to sleeek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy w. eno.jthemhewstacee an  the thouspqd gaturel shockm.
gen: 1077 fit: -72 chromo: to be fg n.t to bb khat isztde queztio..fwhether tisd.osler in.tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaurows of osuragevux fvvtuner oqwto eay  armp vgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdve to sljeek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy ww eno.jthemhew tacee an  the thousxqd gaturel shockm.
gen: 1078 fit: -72 chromo: to be lg n.t to bu khat isrtde queztiot.uwhether tisf.osler inltie sinjetv slffeko fhe slongvuautdatrows of oswragexuh fvdtuneo o.yto cay  arml bgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdge to slgeak no more. andfby m sleep.to scy wu eno.jthemhewitacee ani the.thous.qd gaturpl shockm.
gen: 1079 fit: -72 chromo: to be rg n.t to bu khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisj.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauhdazrows of osqragexuh fvdtunen oprto zay  armp pgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdde to slbeak no more. andfby m sleep to scy wf eno.jthemhewmtacee an  the thous.qd gatural shockm.
gen: 1080 fit: -72 chromo: to be pg n.t to bz khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tis..osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuausdaxrows of oscragexuh fvltune  onmto vay  arm. kgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdee to slyeak no more. andfby m sleep to scy ws eno.jthemhewrtacee an  the thous.qd gatursl shockm.
gen: 1081 fit: -72 chromo: to be eg n.t to bm khat isztde queztio..fwhether tise.osler in.tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaurows of os.ragevux fvetunea oagto pay  armg vgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdse to slreek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wp eno.jthemhewstacee an  the thousmqd gatural shockm.
gen: 1082 fit: -72 chromo: to be tg n.t to bh khat isztde queztio..uwhether tisy.osler inltie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdawrows of osxragevux fvvtunef ofyto ray  armk vgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdfe to sldeak no more. andfby m sleep to scy wj eno.jthemhewrtacee an  the thouszqd gaturxl shockm.
gen: 1083 fit: -72 chromo: to be xg n.t to br khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tis..osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauxdamrows of osoragexuh fvjtune  oyuto eay  armo egainstij sea ofntroujlem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdqe to slneak no more. andfby m sleep to scy wd eno.jthemhewxtacee an  the thous.qd gaturvl shockm.
gen: 1084 fit: -72 chromo: to be rg n.t to bh khatgisztde queztiot.uwhether tisl.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauudagrows of osbragexuh fvitunef odfto way  armu tgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdje to slzeak no more. andfby m sleep to scy wc eno.jthemhewytacee an  the thous.qd gatur l shockm.
gen: 1085 fit: -72 chromo: to be .g n.t to bs khat isztde queztio..fwhether tiss.osler in.tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaurows of osoragevux fvltunep oxgto eay  armk vgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdie to slzeek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wc eno.jthemhewjtacee an  the thoustqd gaturol shockm.
gen: 1086 fit: -72 chromo: to be fg n.t to bc khat isztde queztio..fwhether tisq.osler in.tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaurows of osiragevux fvytuneo oyuto may  armi vgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdfe to slqeek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wq eno.jthemhewjtacee an  the thouszqd gaturml shockm.
gen: 1087 fit: -72 chromo: to be cg n.t to bf khat isztde queztio..fwhether tiss.osler in.tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaurows of oslragevux fvytuneh ohdto vay  armo vgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinkwend thea.rtohdge to sl eek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wu eno.jthemhewstacee an  the thousiqd gaturhl shockm.
gen: 1088 fit: -72 chromo: to be dg n.t to bf khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisb.osler inltie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuauidaurows of osvragexuh fvrtunex ohnto zay  armn vgainstin sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdpe to slzeek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wf eno.jthemhewttacee an  the thousfqd gaturkl shockm.
gen: 1089 fit: -72 chromo: to be ig n.t to bm khat isztde queztio..fwhether tis .osler in.tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongviau.daurows of oslragevux fvctunez okuto eay  armt fgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdge to sl eak no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wa eno.jthemhewvtacee an  the thouscqd gaturvl shockm.
gen: 1090 fit: -72 chromo: to be wg n.t to bw khat isztde queztio..fwhether tisy.osler in.tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvyauxdaurows of osiragevux fv.tune  o.nto ray  armr ugainstij sea ofntroublem acd dy okpasinlsend thea.rtohdxe to slgeak no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wx eno.jthemhewatacme an  the thousiqd gatursl shockm.
gen: 1091 fit: -72 chromo: to be vg n.t to bl khat isztde queztio..fwhether tish.osler in.tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaurows of osdragevux fv sunel ogvto bay  armk vgainstin sea ofntroublen acd by okpasinkwend shea.rtohdhe to sloeek no more. andfby m sleep to sdz wx eno.jthemhewrtacee an  the thouslqd gaturxl shockm.
gen: 1092 fit: -72 chromo: to be bw n.t.to by khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisz.o ler in tie sinjetw slffego fhe slongvuaumdbfrows of ocaragevuh fvttuneh omhto aay  armf wgainstij sea ofntroublem agd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdfe to slieek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wx eno.ithemhewitacee ank the thousgqd gaturql shockm.
gen: 1093 fit: -72 chromo: to be dg n.t to bt khat isztde queztio..fwhether tisw.osler in.tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvfautdaurows of ospragevux fvftune  ojfto oay  arm  ygainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdne to slkeak no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wz eno.jthemhewgtacee an  the thousdqd gaturpl shockm.
gen: 1094 fit: -72 chromo: to be hg nlt to bn khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisk.osler in tie sinjetu slffego fhe slpngvuaumdabrows of osvragevuh fvrtunex oerto aay  armb vgainstij sea ofntroublem agd by okpasinlwend thee.rtohdue to slyeik no move. andfby m sleep to sdy wq eno.ithemhewutacee ank the thousrqd gaturbl shockm.
gen: 1095 fit: -72 chromo: to be pg n.t to bi khat isztde queztiot.uwhether.tisa.o ler in tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaufdaorows of osnragexuh fvitunep oerto oay  armq vgainstin sea ofntroublem agd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdre to slreak no more. andfby m sleep to scy wh eno.ithemhewztacee an  the thous.qd gaturyl shockm.
gen: 1096 fit: -72 chromo: to be rg n.t to b. khat isysde queztio. fwhether tism.o ler in tig sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvpaumdawrows of ougragevut fvytunez o.pto aay  armf pgainstij sea ofntqoublem acd by okpasinlwend theb.stohdpe to slheak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.jthemhewttacee an  the thous qt gaturbl shockm.
gen: 1097 fit: -72 chromo: to be ug n.t to bh khat isztde quejtiot.uwhether tisp.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauxdaarows of osgragexuh fvotunew onnto tay  armo jgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdxe to slieak no more. andfby m sleep to scy wy eno.jthemhewytacee an  the thous.qd gaturil shockm.
gen: 1098 fit: -72 chromo: to be yg n.t to bk khat isztde queztio..fwhether tisj.osler in.tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvwaukdaurows of osnragevux fv tuneb okoto aay  armk vgainstij sea ofntroublem agd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdae to slceak no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wa eno.jthemhew tacee an  the thous qd gaturfl shockm.
gen: 1099 fit: -72 chromo: to be fw n.t.to bn khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisx.o ler in tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdamrows of occragevuh fvxtunel ookto may  armc hgainstij sea ofntroublem agd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdme to slweek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy we eno.jthemhewwtacee ank the thous.qd gatur.l shockm.
gen: 1100 fit: -72 chromo: to be ww n.t.to bm khat isztde quejtiot.uwhether tisp.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaumdavrows of ostragevuf fvvtuneh obato zay  armj zgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpisinlwend thea.rtohdje to sl eak no more. andfby m sleep to scy wi eno.itheihewvtacee ank the thous.qd gaturyl shockm.
gen: 1101 fit: -72 chromo: to be gg n.t to bz khat isztde queztio..fwhether tisd.osler in.tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongv aupdaurows of osnragevux fvptunee ovqto yay  armt vgainstij sea ofntroublem agd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdye to slqeak no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wt eno.jthemhewatacee an  the thouscqd gaturil shockm.
gen: 1102 fit: -72 chromo: to be hg n.t.to bd khat isztde quejtiot.uwhether tisv.osler in tye sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaumdahrows of ocdrcgevuh fvjtuner onqto fay  armh jgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohd.e to sldeak no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wv eno.jthemhewwtacee an  the thous.qd gaturtl shockm.
gen: 1103 fit: -72 chromo: to be wg n.t to bv khat isztde queztio..fwhether tisd.osler in.tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvmaundaurows of osnragevux fvktunep ovrto  ay  armn vgainstij sea ofntroublem aod by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdpe to slmeak no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wj eno.jthemhewdtacee an  the thoushqd gaturwl shockm.
gen: 1104 fit: -72 chromo: to be ug n.t to bi khat isztde quejtiot.uwhether tism.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauhdafrows of osxragexuh fvwtuneq osjto bay  arme cgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdke to slzeak no more. andfby m sleep to scy wj eno.jthemhewftacee an  the thous.qd gaturql shockm.
gen: 1105 fit: -72 chromo: to be zg n.t to by khat isztde quejtiot.uwhether tis..osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuau.daerows of osyragexuh fvgtunep opfto cay  arma kgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdwe to slqeak no more. andfby m sleep to scy wm eno.jthemhewwtacee an  the thous.qd gaturdl shockm.
gen: 1106 fit: -72 chromo: to be bg nlt to ba khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisb.osler in tie sinjetu slffego fhe slpngvuaumdaarows of osvragevuh fvltunet ovato lay  army vgainstij sea ofntroublem agd by okpasinlwend thee.rtohdpe to slteik no move. andfby m sleep to sdy wu eno.ithemhew.tacee ank the thousbqd gatur l shockm.
gen: 1107 fit: -72 chromo: to be eg nlt to br khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisa.osler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slpngvuaumdamrows of osvrcgevuh fvctumel olnto .ay  armc rgainstij sea ofntroublem agd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdxe to slleik no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wm eno.ithemhewltacee an  the thoushqd gaturml shockm.
gen: 1108 fit: -72 chromo: to be ug n.t to b  khat isztde quejtiot.uwhether tisk.osler inltie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaucda.rows of osnragexuh fvftunen olgto  ay  armm igainstij sua ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohlle to slweak no more. andfby m sleep to scy w. eno.jthemhewgtacee an  the thouseqd gaturbl shockm.
gen: 1109 fit: -72 chromo: to be ew nlt to bt khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisi.o ler in tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdavrows of ocoragevuh fvqtuney oqjto fay  armp vgainstij sea ofntroublem agd by okpasinlwend thee.rtohdze to slbeek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy ww eno.ithemhewwtacee ank the thoussqd gaturxl shockm.
gen: 1110 fit: -72 chromo: to be jw n.t to bb chat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisd.o ler in tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaorows of ocpragevuh fvwtuney oftto qay  armz egainstij sea ofntroublem agd by okpasinlwend thee.rtohdoe to slqeek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy ws eno.jthemhewetacee ank the thouswqd gaturwl shockm.
gen: 1111 fit: -72 chromo: to be jw n.t to be khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tism.o ler in tie sinjetu slffego fhe slpngvuaumdaorows of ocvragevuh fvctuneh ohfto uay  armx vgainstij sea ofntroublem agd by okpasinlwead thee.rtohdee to slxeek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wm eno.jthemhewftacee ank the tgouseqd gaturcl shockm.
gen: 1112 fit: -72 chromo: to be kg nlt to bc khat isztde queztio..uwhether tish.osler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaumdarrows of oskragevux fvgtunep ovuto way  armq vgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thef.rtohdce to slaeak no move. andeby m sleep to sdy wh eno.ithemhewztacee an  the thous.rd gatursl shockm.
gen: 1113 fit: -72 chromo: to be dw n.t to bt chat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisz.o ler in tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaorows of ocsragevuh fvztunet odtto vay  arms pgainstij sea ofntroublem agd by okpasinlwend thee.rtohdme to sl eek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wu eno.jthemhewvtacee ank the thoustqd gaturml shockm.
gen: 1114 fit: -72 chromo: to be rw n.t to bw chat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisa.o ler in tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaorows of ochragevuh fvitunej ozzto  ay  armd .gainstij sea ofntroublem agd by okpasinlwend thee.rtohd.e to slueek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wd eno.jthemhewvtacee ank the thousxqd gaturll shockm.
gen: 1115 fit: -72 chromo: to be rw nlt to bb khat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisj.o ler in tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaxrows of oceragevuh fvatunev ohfto lay  armo vgainstij sea ofntroublem agd by okpasinlwend thee.rtohdpe to slmeek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wv eno.ithemhewrtacee ank the thousyqd gatursl shockm.
gen: 1116 fit: -72 chromo: to be sg nlt to bb khat isztde queztio..uwhether tise.osler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaumdatrows of oslragevux fvztunec olmto eay  armv vgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thef.rtohdpe to slueak no move. andeby m sleep to sdy wl eno.ithemhewdtacee an  the thoushrd gatural shockm.
gen: 1117 fit: -72 chromo: to be zg nlt to bt chat isztde queztio..uwhether tisp.osler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuautdaqrows of oseragevuh fvhtunev ocgto gay  armf tgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by okpasinlwend thef.rtohdke to slfea  no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wg eno.jthemhew tacee ans the thous.qd gaturzl shockm.
gen: 1118 fit: -72 chromo: to be jg nlt to b. chat isztde quejtiot.uwhether tisf.o ler in tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaorows of oclragevuh fvktunet oheto yay  armm qgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpesinlwend thee.rtohdee to slyeek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wt eno.ithemhewktacee ank the thousmqd gaturjl shockm.
gen: 1119 fit: -72 chromo: to be gg n.t to bx khat isztde quejtio..uwhether tisf.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaukdaorows of osmragevuh fvgtunec odrto nay  arm  pgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdse to sljeak no more. andfby m sleep to scy wl eno.jthemhewytacee an  the thousnqd gaturil shockm.
gen: 1120 fit: -72 chromo: to be gg n.t to bm khat isztde quejtio..uwhether tisc.osler inltie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaerows of osoragevuh fvptunel oiwto way  armv mgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpasinlwend thea.rtohdwe to slweak no more. andfby m sleep to scy wl eno.jthemhewstacee an  the thouslqd gaturul shockm.
gen: 1121 fit: -72 chromo: to be .g nlt to bv cha. isztde quejtiot.uwhether tist.o ler in tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaorows of ocqragevuh fvutunei oooto hay  armb zgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpesinlwend thee.rtohdae to slgeek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wg eno.ithemhewftacee ank the thousyqd gaturhl shockm.
gen: 1122 fit: -72 chromo: to be xw n.t to bq chat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisd.o ler in tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaorows of ocqragevuh fvjtuneh o.gto xay  armc zgainstij sea ofntroublem agd by okpasinlwend thee.rtohdue to sloeek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wu eno.jthemhewetacee ank the thoustqd gaturul shockm.
gen: 1123 fit: -72 chromo: to ae kg nlt to bw chat isztde queztio..uwhether tisr.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaumdajrows of osgragevuh fvetunep oiito qay  armd wgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by okpasinlwend thef.ztohdte to slqea  no more. andeby m sleep to scy wh eno.jthemhewctacee an  the thouspqd gaturvl shockm.
gen: 1124 fit: -72 chromo: to be uw n.t to bw chat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisu.o ler in tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaorows of ocyragevuh fvwtunea omuto xay  armm sgainstij sea ofntroublem agd by okpasinlwend thee.rtohdwe to slheek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wb eno.jthemhewqtacee ank the thousiqd gaturzl shockm.
gen: 1125 fit: -72 chromo: to be rg nlt to bo chat isztde quejtiot.uwhether tisn.o ler in tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaorows of ocaragevuh fvetunep oemto qay  armn ogainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpesinlwend thee.rtohd.e to slkeek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wx eno.ithemhew.tacee ank the thoussqd gaturtl shockm.
gen: 1126 fit: -72 chromo: to be fg nlt to b  chat isztde quejtiot.uwhether tisj.o ler in tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaorows of occragevuh fvgtuneo ozato say  armk vgainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpesinlwend thee.rtohdee to sldeek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy w. eno.ithemhewytacee ank the thousbqd gaturzl shockm.
gen: 1127 fit: -72 chromo: to be hh nlt to bx chat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisfaoyler in tie sinietu slffeko fhe slongvuaugdabrows of ocaragevuh fv.tunev oz to yay  army ggainstij seq ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend thee.ztohdne to slvee  no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wq eno.jthemhewqtacee an  the thoustqd gaturcl shockm.
gen: 1128 fit: -72 chromo: to be vw n.t to bh chat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisj.o ler in tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaorows of oc ragevuh fvytuneb oh to gay  armg hgainstij sea ofntroublem agd by okpasinlwend thee.rtohdye to slreek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wd eno.jthemhewrtacee ank the thouslqd gaturel shockm.
gen: 1129 fit: -72 chromo: to be cg nlt to be chat isztde quejtiot.uwhether tisj.o ler in tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaorows of ocgragevuh fvmtunej onmto  ay  arma ygainstij sea ofntroublem acd by okpesinlwend thee.rtohdee to slreek no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wp eno.ithemhewxtacee ank the thouscqd gaturml shockm.
gen: 1130 fit: -72 chromo: to be .g nlt to bo chat isztde queztio..uwhether tisr.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongveauedajrows of ocfragevuh fvxtune  obqto tay  arml vgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by okpasinlwend thef.rtohdje to slzea  no more. andeby m sleep to scy wt eno.jthemhewwtacee ank the thous.qd gaturfl shockm.
gen: 1131 fit: -72 chromo: to be sg nlt to bh chat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisz.okler in tie sinjutu slffeko fhe slongvuaumdaorows of ocmragevuh fvjtunez oppto gay  armn .gainstij sea ofntroublem aed by okpasinlwend thee.rtohdde to slfeek no more. andeby m sleep to scy wk eno.ithemhewbtacee ank the thousyqd gaturxl shockm.
gen: 1132 fit: -72 chromo: to be kg nlt to bf chat isztde queztio..uwhether tis .okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuau dalrows of ocuragevuh fvetunea opxto hay  armq vgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by okpasinlwend thef.rtohdee to sluea  no more. andeby m sleep to scy w. eno.jthemhewptacee ank the thous.qd gaturol shockm.
gen: 1133 fit: -72 chromo: to be bw nlt to bo chat isztde quejtiot.uwhether tisj.o ler in tie tinjetw slffego fhe slongvuaumdaorows of oc ragevuh fvztuneb oexto tay  armd wgainstij sea ofntroublem agd by okpesinlwend thef.ztoxdde to slnea  no more. andeby n sleep to sdy wd eno.jthemhewztacee ank the thousyqd gaturyl shockm.
gen: 1134 fit: -72 chromo: to be og nlt to by chat isztde queztio..uwhether tisnzoiler in tie sinjutu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaqrows of ocyragevuh fvotunek orhto aay  arme wgainstij sea ofptroublem aed by ocpasinlwend thee.vtohdne to sl ee  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy w  eno.jthemhewdtacee ank the thous.qd gaturjl shockm.
gen: 1135 fit: -72 chromo: to be dg nlt to b  chat isztde queztio..uwhether tisihoiler in tie sinjutu slffeko fhe slongvuaufdajrows of occragevuh fvutuneb ospto ray  arml igainstij sea ofptroublem aed by ocpasinlwend thee.vtohdqe to sl ee  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wi eno.jthemhewutacee ank the thous.qd gaturml shockm.
gen: 1136 fit: -72 chromo: to be vg nlt to bm chat isztde queztiot.uwhether tisw.okler in tie sinjutu slffeko fhe slongvuaumdaorows of oclragevuh fvftunem ol to may  arml wgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by okpasinlwend thee.rtohdce to slkeek no more. andeby m sleep to scy wv eno.ithemhewctacee ank the thousyqd gaturml shocko.
gen: 1137 fit: -72 chromo: to be fg nlt to be chat isztde queztio..uwhether tisxxoiler in tie sinjutu slffeko fhe slongvuauqdaxrows of occragevuh fvitunez oovto fay  arml bgainstij sea ofptroublem aed by ocpasinlwend thee.vtohdae to slnee  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wp eno.jthemhew.tacee ank the thous.qd gaturml shockm.
gen: 1138 fit: -72 chromo: to be yg nlt to bx chat isztde queztio..uwhether tisbboiler in tie sinjutu slffeko fhe slongvuau daarows of oceragevuh fvttuneq occto tay  armp sgainstij sea ofptroublem aud by ocpasinlwend thee.vtohdpe to slaee  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wc eno.jthemhexrtacee ank the thous.qd gaturwl shockm.
gen: 1139 fit: -72 chromo: to be yg nlt to bo chat isztde queztio..uwhether tisz.okler in tie sinjutu slffeko fhe slongvuaukdalrows of ockragevuh fvituneu oputo uay  army kgainstij sea ofptroublem aed by ocpasinlwend thef.vtohdpe to slbea  no more. andeby m sleep to scy wk eno.jthemhewftacee ank the thous.qd gaturll shockm.
gen: 1140 fit: -72 chromo: to be vg nlt to bo chat isztde queztio..uwhether tis..okler in tie sinjutu slffeko fhe slongvuaubdadrows of ocwragevuh fvntunem ommto iay  armd sgainstij sea ofptroublem aed by ocpasinlwend thef.vtohdwe to slfea  no more. andeby m sleep to scy wq eno.jthemhewutacee ank the thous.qd gaturhl shockm.
gen: 1141 fit: -72 chromo: to be tg nlt to bs chat isztde queztio..uwhether tishrokler in tie sinjutu slffeko fhe slongvhaumdazrows of ocyragevuh fvbtunex okuto may  armx cgainstij sea ofptroublem aed by olpasinlwend them.rtogdke to sl.eek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy we eno.jthemhewotacee ank.the thous.qd xaturfl shockm.
gen: 1142 fit: -71 chromo: to be dg nlt to bx chat isztde queztio..uwhether tisckokler in tie sinjutu slffeko fhe slongvuaumdaprows of ocmragevuh fvstunej odito bay  arms bgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend thee.vtohdve to sljeek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wk eno.jthemhewxtacee ank the thoussqd waturbl shockm.
gen: 1143 fit: -71 chromo: to be cg nlt to bp chat isztde queztio..uwhether tiszlokler in tie sinjutu slffeko fhekslongvuaucdagrows of ochragevuh fvptunev osnto  ay  armx ugainstij sea ofptroublem aed by ocpasinlsend them.vtogdbe to slheek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wx eno.jthemhewdtacee ank the thous.qd gaturrl shockm.
gen: 1144 fit: -71 chromo: to be zg nlt to bk dhat isztde queztio..uwhether tisiuoiler in tie sinjutu slffego fhe slongvuaumdaorows of ocoragevuh fvhtunew ougto cay  armx qgainstij sea ofotroublem aed by okpasinlwend thee.vtohdwe to sl.ee  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wd eno.jthemhewhtacee ank the thousqqd gaturwl shocki.
gen: 1145 fit: -71 chromo: to be bg nlt to by chat isztde queztio..uwhether tisncokler in tie sinjutu slffeko fhekslongvuaumdavrows of ocuragevuh fvptunec owzto jay  armx ugainstij sea ofptroublem aed by ocpasinlsend them.vtogdse to slxeek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wc eno.jthemhewhtacee ank the thous.qd gaturhl shockm.
gen: 1146 fit: -71 chromo: to be  g nlt to bm chat isztde queztio..uwhether tisy okler in tie sinjutu slffeko fhekslongvuaulda.rows of occragevuh fvptuneg oboto nay  armx igainstij sea ofptroublem aed by ocpasinlsend them.vtogdte to slweek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wz eno.jthemhewftacee ank the thous.qd gaturel shockm.
gen: 1147 fit: -71 chromo: to be og nlt to bm chat isztde queztio..uwhether tisxzokler in tie sinjutu slffeko fhe slongvuaumdaarows of ockragevuh fvztunes oozto xay  armn zgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend thee.vtohdle to sl eek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wr eno.jthemhewwtacee ank the thousiqd waturol shockm.
gen: 1148 fit: -71 chromo: to be ng n.t to bo dhat isztde queltio..uwhethur tisxwoiler in tie sinjutu slffego fhe slongvhaumdaorows of ocnragevuh fvwtune. owoto bay  armx fgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by oipesiplwend thee.rtohdme to slceek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wz eno.jthemhewftacee ank the thous.qd gaturpl shockm.
gen: 1149 fit: -71 chromo: to be fg nlt to b  chat isztde quejtiot.uwhether tisf.oiler in tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuaubdaorows of ociragevuh fvdtuneh oboto jay  arm. xgainstij sea ofntroublem aad by ocpasinlwend thee.rtohd e to slyeek no more. andeby   sleep to sdy wl eno.ithemhewotacee ank the thousaqd gaturwl shockm.
gen: 1150 fit: -71 chromo: to be oc nlt to ba chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisi.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaukdaorows of ocmragevuh fvbtuneg og to  ay  armo qgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend thee.vtohdde to slseek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy ww eno.jthemhewetacee ank the thousyqd gaturel shockm.
gen: 1151 fit: -71 chromo: to be ng nlt to by chat isztde quejtio..uwhether tisq.okler in tie sinjetu slffego fhe slongvuauedasrows of ocfragevuh fvttunez orzto vay  armd dgainstij sea ofntroublem bed by ocpasinlwend thee.rtohdre to slceek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wu eno.jthemhewwtacee ank the thousrqd waturcl shockm.
gen: 1152 fit: -71 chromo: to be .g nlt to by dhat isztde queztio..uwhether ticuuoiler in tie sinjutu slffeko nhe slongvuaurdajrows of ockragevuh fvptune  ogmto jay  armx zgainstij sea ofptroublem aed by okpasinlsend them.vtogdie to slieek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy w  eno.jthemhewttacee ank the thous.qd gaturnl shockm.
gen: 1153 fit: -71 chromo: to be bc nlt to b. chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisq.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauidaorows of ocdragevuh fvptunec ozqto uay  armp tgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend thee.vtohdke to slheek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wl eno.jthemhewqtacee ank the thousmqd gaturnl shockm.
gen: 1154 fit: -71 chromo: to be wg nlt to bd dhat isztde queztiot.uwhether tis.kokler in tie sinjutu slffeko nhekslongvuausdairows of ocvragevuf fvptunec odmto qay  armx kgainstij sea ofptroublem aed by ocpesinlsend them.vtogdle to sl.eek no more. andeby e sleep to sdy wz eno.jthemhewatacee ank the thousrqd gaturml shockm.
gen: 1155 fit: -71 chromo: to be og nlt to bs chat isztde queztiot.uwhether tist.oiler in tie sinjutu slffego fhe slongvuautdaorows of ocqragevuh fvxtunev orato gay  arm. fgainstij sea ofntroublem aad by okpasinlwend thee.vtohdpe to sljeek no more..andeby m sleep to sdy wj enl.jthemhewftacee ank the thousmqd waturvl shockm.
gen: 1156 fit: -71 chromo: to be jc nlt to bl chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisq.okler in tie sinjetu  lffeko fhe slongvuauvdaorows of ocoragevuh fvptuney oapto vay  armb hgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinpwend thee.vtohdae to slfeek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wa eno.jthemhewutacee ank the thousiqd gaturjl shockm.
gen: 1157 fit: -71 chromo: to be jg nlt to by chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisv.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko nhe slongvuauvdaorows of oclragevuh fvptuney oadto way  armx ggainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend thee.vtohdje to slxeuk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wa eno.jthemhewetacee ank the thousfqd gatural shockm.
gen: 1158 fit: -71 chromo: to be lg nlt to ba chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisqnokler in tie sinjetu slffeko nhe slongvuauhdaorows of ocrragevuh fvptunex oljto oay  armx .gainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend thee.vtohdce to slteuk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wt eno.jthemhewbtacee ank the thousuqd gaturwl shockm.
gen: 1159 fit: -71 chromo: to be og nlt to bv dhat isztde queztiot.uwhether tiswqokler in tie sinjutu slffeko nhekslongvuauddajrows of ochragevup fvptunel ousto aay  armx sgainstij sea ofptroublem aed by ocpesinltend them.vtogd e to sl.eek no more. andeby e sleep to sdy wb eno.jthemhewytacee ank the thoussqd gaturbl shockm.
gen: 1160 fit: -71 chromo: to be pg nlt to bg chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tiskuokler in tie sinjetu slffeko nhe slongvuaubdaorows of ocsragevuh fvptuneh ouzto cay  armx ygainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend thee.vtohd.e to slmeuk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wl eno.jthemhewvtacee ank the thousuqd gaturol shockm.
gen: 1161 fit: -71 chromo: to be zc nlt to bb chbt isztde quejtio .uwhether tisn.okler in tie cinjqtu slffeko fhe slongvuauvdaorows of ocoragevuh fvptune  orxto nay  arma kgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtohdre to sljeak no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wx eno.jthemhewmtacee ank the thousuqd gatursl shockm.
gen: 1162 fit: -71 chromo: to be bg nlt to bq dhat iszthe queztio .uwhether tisl.okler in tie cinjutu slffeko nhekslongvuauedaorows of ocnragevup fvptunex ovwto nay  armu  gainstij sea ofprroublem aed by ocpesinlsend them.vtohdie to slbeak no more. andeby e sleep to sdy wx eno.jthemhewztacge ank the thousjqd gaturgl shockm.
gen: 1163 fit: -71 chromo: to be sc nlt to bf chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisz.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaugdaorows of oc.ragevuh fvptune. ometo oay  armi bgainstij sea ofmtroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdse to slheek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wt eno.jthemhew tacee anl the thousoqd gaturkl shockm.
gen: 1164 fit: -71 chromo: to be dg nlt to bj dhat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisx.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko nhe slongvuaubdaprows of ocgragmfuh fvptunez orxto .ay  armn .gainstij sea ofmtroublen aed by.ocpasinlwend them.vtohdpe to sljeek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy ws eno.ithfmhewxtacee anl the thouscqd gaturll shockm.
gen: 1165 fit: -71 chromo: to be  c npt to bw chat isrtde quejtio .uwhether tisc.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauodaorows of ocnragevuh fvptunek osytokpay  armk qgainstij sea ofmtroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtohdoe to sloeek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wz eno.jthemhewqtacee anl the thousuqd gaturbl shockm.
gen: 1166 fit: -71 chromo: to be zc nlt to bf chat isztle quejtio .uwhether tisu.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaumdaorows of ocrragevuh fvptuneh o.tto nay  armn ogainstij sea ofmtroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtohdee to slxeek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wc eno.jthemhewvtacee anl the thousiqd gaturfl shockm.
gen: 1167 fit: -71 chromo: to be fc nlt to bl chat isztle quejtio .uwhether tise.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauqdaorows of ocgragevuh fvptuneb orpto lay  army ogainstij sea ofmtroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtohdde to slgeek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wp eno.jthemhewqtacee anl the thouslqd gaturrl shockm.
gen: 1168 fit: -71 chromo: to be kc nlt to bm chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisr.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauqdaorows of oc ragevuh fvptunej opqto hay  arm. sgainstij sea ofmtroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdee to slheek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wh eno.jthemhewstacee anl the thousiqd gaturll shockm.
gen: 1169 fit: -71 chromo: to be qc nlt to bo chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisn.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaujdaorows of ocyragevuh fvptuner oyoto kay  armq tgainstij sea ofmtroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdpe to slteek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wc eno.jthemhewjtacee anl the thousqqd gaturml shockm.
gen: 1170 fit: -71 chromo: to be vc nlt to bk chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tiss.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauxdaorows of oc ragevuh fvptuneu obfto xay  arme lgainstij sea ofmtroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtohdfe to slweek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhew.tacee anl the thousxqd gaturul shockm.
gen: 1171 fit: -71 chromo: to be oc not to bj chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisd.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of oczragevuh ffptune. oy.to kay  armb wgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwenb them.vtogdme to sliegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wm eno.jthemhewhtacee enl the thouscqd gaturql shockm.
gen: 1172 fit: -71 chromo: to be rc nlt to bh chat isztle quejtio .uwhether tisy.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauedaorows of oc.ragevuh fvptuneg owato may  arml qgainstij sea ofmtroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtohdge to slheek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy ww eno.jthemhewotacee anl the thousxqd gaturfl shockm.
gen: 1173 fit: -71 chromo: to be nc not to bj chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisj.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocoragevuh ffptune. ogdto nay  armv mgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwenb them.vtogdie to slyegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy ww eno.jthemhewmtacee enl the thouswqd gaturwl shockm.
gen: 1174 fit: -71 chromo: to be nc nlt to bi chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tist.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaugdaorows of oc.ragevuh fvptuneb oakto cay  arm. kgainstij sea ofmtroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtohdfe to slleek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy w  eno.jthemhewntacee anl the thousmqd gaturzl shockm.
gen: 1175 fit: -71 chromo: to be wc not to bm chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisn.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocsragevuh ffptune. oerto nay  armn egainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwenb them.vtogdme to sloegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wo eno.jthemhewktacee enl the thousxqd gaturyl shockm.
gen: 1176 fit: -71 chromo: to be xc nlt to bq chat isztle quejtio .uwhether tisy.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of octragevuh fvptunew o..to xay  armq lgainstij sea ofmtroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtohdye to slbeek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wj eno.jthemhewptacee anl the thouslqd gaturil shockm.
gen: 1177 fit: -71 chromo: to be bc not to b  chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisz.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvwaundaorows of ocrragevuh fvptunec ogkto zay  arm  bgainstij sea ofmtroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtohd e to slveek no more..andeby m sleep to sdy wd eno.jthemhewwtacee anl the thousrqd gaturgl shockm.
gen: 1178 fit: -71 chromo: to be xc not to bi chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tise.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvwaundaorows of ocgragevuh fvptuneg otlto cay  armt qgainstij sea ofmtroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtohdfe to slaeek no more..andeby m sleep to sdy wt eno.jthemhewltacee anl the thousaqd gaturzl shockm.
gen: 1179 fit: -71 chromo: to be uc nlt to bh chat isztle quejtio .uwhether tisc.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaujdaorows of ocvragevuh fvptuney okcto yay  arma rgainstij sea ofmtroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtohdie to slaeek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wo eno.jthemhewitacee anl the thous.qd gaturwl shockm.
gen: 1180 fit: -71 chromo: to be rc not to bt chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisk.okleryin tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauxdaorows of oc ragevuh fvptunew oydto may  armp againstij sea ofmtroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtohdte to slyeek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wl eno.jthemhewatacee anl the thousiqd gaturcl shockm.
gen: 1181 fit: -71 chromo: to be ic nlt to bn chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisq.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaoroxs of olaragevuh ffptune. opeto way  armf  gainstij sea ofmtroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtohdqe to sltegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wc emo.jthemhew xacee anl the thousgqd gaturxl shockm.
gen: 1182 fit: -71 chromo: to be mc not to bj chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisz.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocbragevuh ffptune. onmto say  arm  ogainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwenb them.vtogdle to slregk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wl eno.jthemhewotacee enl the thousrqd gaturyl shockm.
gen: 1183 fit: -71 chromo: to be kc not to bk chat isztde queitio .uwhether tise.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauzdaorows of octragevuh fvgtune. om.to fay  armp lgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.xtohdxe to sl.eek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wz eno.jthemhewntacee anl the thousxrd gaturtl qhockm.
gen: 1184 fit: -71 chromo: to be ac not to bg chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisu.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of occragevuh fvptune. omzto qay  arm. wgainstij sea ofmtroublem aed by ocpasinlwenb them.utohdwe to slgegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy we eno.jthemhewctacee anl the thousfqd gaturml shockm.
gen: 1185 fit: -71 chromo: to be hc not to bl cha. isztde quejtio .uwhether tis. okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe sjongvuaundaorows of oc.ragevuh fvltune. ocwto xay  arml ngainstib sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdqe to sltegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wi eno.jthemhewltacee anl the thous sd gatural shockm.
gen: 1186 fit: -71 chromo: to be sc not to bv chat isztde queitio .uwhether tisx.okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaufdaorows of ociragevuh fvotune. obfto kay  armp rgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.xtohdje to slyeek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wt eno.jthemhewptacee anl the thoustrd gaturxl qhockm.
gen: 1187 fit: -71 chromo: to be ic not to bw cha. isztde quejtio .uwhether tisn okler in tie sinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuau daorows of ocvragevuh fvptune. oxjto day  armr wgainstib sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtohdce to slbegk no more. andeby m slfep to sdy w. eno.jthemhewftacee anl the thousiqd gatwrul shockm.
gen: 1188 fit: -70 chromo: to be hc not to bm chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisn.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocyragevuh fvptune. oycto bay  army xgainstij sea ofmtroublem aed by ocpasinlwenb them.vtohdce to slnegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wz eno.jthemhewotacee anl the thoushqd gatursl shockm.
gen: 1189 fit: -70 chromo: to be fc not to bl chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisf.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocnragevuh fvptune. oubto ray  arms kgainstij sea ofmtroublem aed by ocpasinlwenb them.vtohdye to slnegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy w  eno.jthemhewrtacee anl the thoushqd gaturhl shockm.
gen: 1190 fit: -70 chromo: to be tc not to bu chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisg.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuauzdaorows of ocyragevuh fvptune. oybto may  arms ogainstij sea ofmtroublem aed by ocpasinlwend tpem.vtohdne to sldegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy we eno.jthemhewitacee anl the thousrqd gaturml shockm.
gen: 1191 fit: -70 chromo: to be gc not to bw chat isztde queitio .uwhether tisx.okler in tje cinjatu slffeko fhe slongvuauodaorows of oclragevuh fvatune. otpto way  armn ogainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwenb them.xtohdfe to slbeek no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wh eno.jthemhewxtacee anl the thousbqd gatur.l shockm.
gen: 1192 fit: -70 chromo: to be yc not to be chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisx okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocuragevuh fvltune. oshto kay  armn xgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdre to slxegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy ww eno.jthemhewstacee anl the thousasd gaturil shockm.
gen: 1193 fit: -70 chromo: to be fc not to bp chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisc okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocaragevuh fvltune. ofjto say  armd zgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogd e to slmegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wt eno.jthemhewftacee anl the thousisd gaturdl shockm.
gen: 1194 fit: -70 chromo: to be jc not to b. chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tis  okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocmragevuh fvltune. o hto pay  armc againstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpisinlwend them.vtogdfe to sl egk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wv eno.jthemhewstacee anl the thousxsd gaturkl shockm.
gen: 1195 fit: -70 chromo: to be .c not to bd chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisc okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocuragevuh fvltune. o.fto qay  armx lgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdre to sl egk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wh eno.jthemhewhtacee anl the thousisd gatural shockm.
gen: 1196 fit: -70 chromo: to be uc not to bc chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tis. okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocaragevuh fvltune. okito qay  armu ugainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdle to slgegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhewjtacee anl the thousasd gaturgl shockm.
gen: 1197 fit: -70 chromo: to be qc not to bj chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisy okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocpragevuh fvltune. ocoto pay  arml bgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpisinlwend them.vtogdee to sl.egk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wx eno.jthemhewytacee anl the thous.sd gaturml shockm.
gen: 1198 fit: -70 chromo: to be hc not to bb chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisa okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocfragevuh fvltune. omqto day  arma wgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpisinlwend them.vtogdoe to slwegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wp eno.jthemhewctacee anl the thousrsd gaturtl shockm.
gen: 1199 fit: -70 chromo: to be uc not to ba chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisk okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ochragevuh fvltune. okqto pay  armg ugainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdle to sldegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wi eno.jthemhewitacee anl the thoustsd gaturyl shockm.
gen: 1200 fit: -70 chromo: to be nc not to bf chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tis  okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocxragevuh fvltune. orwto lay  armr rgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpisinlwend them.vtogdse to sl egk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wi eno.jthemhewetacee anl the thouspsd gaturql shockm.
gen: 1201 fit: -69 chromo: to be xc not to bu chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisc okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocnragevuh fvltune. oajto eay  arma mgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdqe to sldegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wu eno.jthemhewitacee anl the thouswsd gaturfl shockm.
gen: 1202 fit: -69 chromo: to be vc not to be chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisd okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocxragevuh fvltune. onmto may  armr pgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogd e to sljegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy w. eno.jthemhewitacee anl the thousasd gaturkl shockm.
gen: 1203 fit: -69 chromo: to be bc not to bi chat is.tde quejtio .uwhether tisr okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocoragevuh fvltune. ok.to kay  armc sgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdse to slnegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy we eno.jthemhew.tacee anl the thousvsd gaturel shockm.
gen: 1204 fit: -69 chromo: to be pc not to bl chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tis  okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocxragevuh fvltune. oguto pay  armm ngainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdhe to slvegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wm eno.jthemhewrtacee anl the thousnsd gaturwl shockm.
gen: 1205 fit: -69 chromo: to be wc not to bs chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisg okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocqragevuh fvltune. ompto fay  armo ggainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdse to slhegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wd eno.jthemhewhtacee anl the thousfsd gaturnl shockm.
gen: 1206 fit: -69 chromo: to be nk not to by chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisc okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocgragevuh fvltune. olito tay  armu dgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdke to slhegk no more. andebyym sleep to sdy wq eno.jthemhewwtacee anl the thousjsd gaturpl shockm.
gen: 1207 fit: -69 chromo: to be vc not to bi chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisu okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of oczragevuh fvltune. ob.to qay  armh ugainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdee to slcegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wn eno.jthemhewktacee anl the thousesd gaturnl shockm.
gen: 1208 fit: -69 chromo: to be lc not to bj chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tiss okler in tie cinjctu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of osjragevuh fvltune. ofsto uay  arme ggainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinkwend them.vtofdae to sluegk no more. andeby m skeep to sdy wk eno.nthemhewutacae anl the thousjsd gaturtl shhckm.
gen: 1209 fit: -69 chromo: to be lk not to bm chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisz okler in tie cinjctu slffeko hhe slongvuaundaorows of ocrragevuh fvltune. omrto say  armx mgainstij  ea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtood.e to slsegk no more. andeby m sleel to sdy we eno.jthemhewrtacee apl the thousdsd gaturrl shockm.
gen: 1210 fit: -69 chromo: to be dc not to bw chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisg okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocaragevuh fvltune. ozato lay  armt mgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdwe to slregk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wn eno.jthemhewxtacee anl the thouscsd gaturml shockm.
gen: 1211 fit: -69 chromo: to be jc not to bc chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisq okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocvragevuh fvltune. oxuto fay  armc xgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdue to slpegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wg eno.jthemhewwtacee anl the thousgsd gaturgl shockm.
gen: 1212 fit: -69 chromo: to be .c not to bb chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisj okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of oc.ragevuh fvltune. ol to may  armb rgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdie to slregk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wt eno.jthemhewetacee anl the thousssd gaturol shockm.
gen: 1213 fit: -69 chromo: to be hc not to bz chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisa okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocvragevuh fvltune. oloto aay  armg tgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasmnlwend them.vtogdke to slxegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wm eno.jthemhewktacee anl the thouszsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 1214 fit: -69 chromo: to be ec not to bw chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tis  okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of oagragevuh fvltune. oqeto iay  arml bgainstij sea ofntroublum aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdje to slsegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wq eno.jthemhewwtacee anp the thouszsd gaturll shockm.
gen: 1215 fit: -69 chromo: to be jc not to br chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisp okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ochragevuh fvltune. oqkto .ay  armu vgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdqe to slxegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wl gno.jthemhewftacee anl the thoushsd gaturrl shockm.
gen: 1216 fit: -69 chromo: to be ic not to bj chat isytde quejtio .uwhether tisk okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaujdaorows of ocnragfvuh fvltune. o.dto nazs armh sgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinkwend them.vtogdge to slvegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wi eno.jthemhewctacee anl the thousvsd gatur l shockm.
gen: 1217 fit: -69 chromo: to be fc not to bz chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tise okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocnragevuh fvltune. oavto bay  armq wgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdle to sllegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wa eno.jthemhewqtacee anl the thousgsd gaturul shockm.
gen: 1218 fit: -69 chromo: to be dc not to bg chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisi okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocuragevuh fvltune. osoto may  arma bgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdhe to slcegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wt eno.jthemhewvtacee anl the thousnsd gaturvl shockm.
gen: 1219 fit: -69 chromo: to be yc not to bi chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tis. okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocpragevuh fvltune. otgto yay  armz mgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdge to slkegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wv eno.jthemhewntacee anl the thousksd gaturdl shockm.
gen: 1220 fit: -69 chromo: to be xc not to bx chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisp okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocjragevuh fvltune. odqto fay  armj zgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdye to slregk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wu eno.jthemhewwtacee anl the thousesd gaturwl shockm.
gen: 1221 fit: -69 chromo: to be qc not to bx chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tis. okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocyragevuh fvltune. oukto eay  armf jgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdie to slbegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy w  eno.jthemhewhtacee anl the thous sd gaturll shockm.
gen: 1222 fit: -69 chromo: to be ac not to ba chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisx okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of oc.ragevuh fvltune. o.lto eay  arml rgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlsend them.vtohdze to slleg  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhewvtacee anl the thoushsd eatur.l shockm.
gen: 1223 fit: -69 chromo: to be kc ngt to br chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisc okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocbragevuh fvltune. ol.to hay  arms dgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdpe to slgegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy we eno.jthemhewdtacee anl the thouscsd gaturcl shockm.
gen: 1224 fit: -69 chromo: to be jc not to bk chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisy okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of oc ragevuh fvltune. ogmto bay  armz sgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlsend them.vtohdoe to slbeg  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhewxtacee anl the thousnsd eaturvl shockm.
gen: 1225 fit: -69 chromo: to be nc ngt to br chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisv okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of oc.ragevuh fvltune. ocuto lay  armh ugainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdve to slzegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wx eno.jthemhewbtacee anl the thouscsd gaturjl shockm.
gen: 1226 fit: -69 chromo: to be nc not to bk chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisv okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocpragevuh fvltune. owjto lay  arm.  gainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdre to sljegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wq eno.jthemhewutacee anl the thouscsd gaturcl shockm.
gen: 1227 fit: -69 chromo: to be wc not to bc chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisr okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ociragevuh fvltune. ootto eay  armd pgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlsend them.vtohdpe to slbeg  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wc eno.jthemhewntacee anl the thoustsd eatur.l shockm.
gen: 1228 fit: -69 chromo: to be cc not to bq chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisj okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundakrows of ocxragevuh fvltune. on to uay  arme igainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlsend them.vtogdbe to slreg  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wf eno.jthemhewltacee anl the thousdsd gaturnl shocko.
gen: 1229 fit: -69 chromo: to be tc not to b. chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tist okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocaragevuh fvltune. opsto oay  armm hgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdte to slcegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy w  eno.jthemhewvtacee anl the thousrsd gaturhl shockm.
gen: 1230 fit: -69 chromo: to be dc not to bd chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisr okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of occragevuh fvltune. okrto day  arm  fgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend shem.vtogdif to slgegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wa eno.jthemhewttacee anl the thousvsd eatursl shockm.
gen: 1231 fit: -69 chromo: to be sc not to bf chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisi okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocvragevuh fvltune. ohjto xay  armq ggainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlsend them.vtohdue to sloeg  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wg eno.jthemhewjtacee anl the thouscsd eaturzl shockm.
gen: 1232 fit: -69 chromo: to be ic not to bc chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisf okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundakrows of ocnragevuh fvltune. ohdto cay  armb kgainstij sea ofntroublen aed by ocpasinlsend them.vtogdoe to slreg  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wa eno.jthemhewztacee anl the thoususd gatur l shocko.
gen: 1233 fit: -69 chromo: to be uc not to be chat isytde quejtio .uwhether tisq okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocyragevuh fvltune. oyato saz. armd lgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdke to slpegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhewvtacee anl the thousvsd gaturnl shockm.
gen: 1234 fit: -69 chromo: to be uc not to bw chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisx okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundakrows of ocxragevuh fvltune. odvto fay  armw xgainstij sea ofntroublen aed by ocpasinlsend them.vtogdce to slxeg  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wa eno.jthemhewctacee anl the thouspsd gaturkl shocko.
gen: 1235 fit: -69 chromo: to be bc not to bb chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisx.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slonguuaundakrows of ocvragevuh fvltune. otzto pay  armr pgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by oapasinlsend them.vtohdne to sleeg  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhewztacee anl the thousosd gaturjl shocko.
gen: 1236 fit: -69 chromo: to be  c not to bx chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tism.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundayrows of oceragevuh fvltune. oboto kay  armj .gainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtohdhe to slueg  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy ww eno.jthemhewytacee anl the thous sd gaturvl shockm.
gen: 1237 fit: -69 chromo: to be oc not to bm dhat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisa.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slonguuaundanrows of ocvragevuh fvltune. opwto bay  armm xgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by oapasinlsend them.vtohdse to slxeg  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy w  eno.jthemhewbtacee ank the thouswsd gaturbl shocko.
gen: 1238 fit: -69 chromo: to be oc not to bi chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisq.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundanrows of octragfvuh fvltune. o uto pay  armo againstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtohdwe to slseg  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wd eno.jthenhewetacee anl the thoususd gaturgl shockm.
gen: 1239 fit: -69 chromo: to be dc not to bg chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tism.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaxrows of ocoragevuh fvltune. oreto way  armx hgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtohdte to slkeg  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wf eno.jthemhewltacee anl the thouswsd gaturcl shockm.
gen: 1240 fit: -69 chromo: to be lc not to bo dhat isztde quejtio .uwhether tis..okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slonguuaundacrows of ocvragevuh fvltune. omsto bay  armt tgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by oapasinlsend them.vtohdhe to sl.eg  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wo eno.jthemhewftacee ank the thoushsd gaturil shocko.
gen: 1241 fit: -69 chromo: to be ec not to bv chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisi.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundatrows of octragevuh fvltune. opkto nay  armo kgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtohdde to slqeg  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wb eno.jthemhewmtacee anl the thousbsd gaturcl shockm.
gen: 1242 fit: -69 chromo: to be bc not to bs chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisf okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of occragevuh fvltune. omuto zaz. armu qgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdde to slpegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wd eno.jthemhexatacee anl the thousnsd gaturyl shockm.
gen: 1243 fit: -69 chromo: to be  c not to bk dhat isztde quentio .uwhether tis .okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocoragevuh fvltune. ogbtosjay  armd pgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdte to slkegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy ww eno.jthemhewdtacee anl the thousqsd gaturpl shockm.
gen: 1244 fit: -69 chromo: to be mc not to bp chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisz.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundairows of ocvragevuh fvltune. ovcto kay  armi rgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinkwend them.vtogdxe to slhegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wp eno.jthemhewytacee anl the thousksd gaturrl shocko.
gen: 1245 fit: -69 chromo: to be ic not to br chat isztte quejtio .uwhether tisi.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundajrows of ocwragevuh fvltune. ovjto fay  armm mgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdce to slbegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy w  eno.jthemhewetacee anl the thousosd gaturol shockm.
gen: 1246 fit: -69 chromo: to be dc not to bn chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tis..okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundazrows of ocvragevuh fvltune. oifto jay  armi mgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinkwend them.vtogdle to slnegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wx eno.jthemhewhtacee anl the thousgsd gaturxl shocko.
gen: 1247 fit: -69 chromo: to be lc not to bk dhat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisd okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slonguuaundajrows of ocvragevuh fxltune. ofkto bay  armz sgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by oapasinlsend them.vtogdme to slpeg  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy w  eno.jtheihewntacee ank the thousisd gaturul shocko.
gen: 1248 fit: -69 chromo: to be vc not to by chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tis  okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaorows of ocdragevuh fvltune. o.gto zaz. armc againstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdhe to slpegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wf eno.jthemhexntacee anl the thousjsd gaturll shockm.
gen: 1249 fit: -69 chromo: to be pc notkto ba dhat isztde quejtio .wwhfther tiss okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slonguuaunda rows of ocvragevuh fxltune. oanto qay. armf fgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by oapasinlwend them.vtogdje to slpeg  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wx eno.jthemhewktacee ank the thousosd gaturrl shocko.
gen: 1250 fit: -69 chromo: to be .c not to bf chat isztte quejtio .uwhether tisi.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaundaxrows of oceragevuh fvltune. oqwto oay  armp rgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdve to slxegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy w  eno.jthemhewutacee anl the thousssd gaturfl shockm.
gen: 1251 fit: -69 chromo: to be .c not to bn chat isztde quejtio .wwhether tisw.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slonguuaundaorows of ocvragevuh fvltune. oikto zay  armj zgainstkj sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.utogdqe to slpegk no more. andeby   sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhewotacee ank the thousysd gaturzl shocko.
gen: 1252 fit: -69 chromo: to be .c not to br hhat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisx.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvuaunda rows of ocgragevuh fvltune. ojoto jay  armw igainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdue to sltegk nt more. andeby m sleep to sdy w  eno.jthemhexztacee ank the thousdsd gaturvl shockm.
gen: 1253 fit: -69 chromo: to be .c not to b kchat isztde quejtio .wwhether tisy.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slonguvaundakrows of ocpragevuh fvltune. onrto tay  armz wgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend themzrtogdpe to slhegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhewgtacee ank the thousdsd gaturdl shocko.
gen: 1254 fit: -69 chromo: to be uc not to bu chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisr.okler in tie cinjete slffeko fhe slonguuaundaorows of ocvragevuh fvltune. o.hto qayt armi ugainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdae to sluegk no more. andeby w sleep to sdy wt eno.jtheohewwtacae cnd the thouspsd gaturvl shocko.
gen: 1255 fit: -69 chromo: to be .c not to bj chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tis..okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaunda rows of ocmragevuh fvltune. o  to layt arms rgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.rtogdee to slxegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexztacee anl the thousysd gaturpl shockm.
gen: 1256 fit: -69 chromo: to be ac not to bl dhat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisv okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slonguuaundavrows of ocvragevuh fxltune. oxxto nay  army ogainstij sea ofntroublem aed by oapasinlsend them.vtogdse to slpeg  no more. andeby m sleep to sdy w. eno.jtheihewmtacee ank the thoususd gaturdl shocko.
gen: 1257 fit: -69 chromo: to be  c not to by chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisc.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundawrows of oczragevuh fvltune. o jto oayt arm. hgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ocpasinlwend them.rtogdqe to slwegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexdtacee anl the thousysd gaturhl shockm.
gen: 1258 fit: -69 chromo: to be tc not to bf chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisd.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundamrows of ocyragevuh fvltune. o bto hayt armt kgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ocpasinlwend them.rtogdke to sl egk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexptacee anl the thousysd gaturyl shockm.
gen: 1259 fit: -69 chromo: to be lc not to bw chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tiss.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundaerows of ocsragevuh fvltune. o .to iayt armt pgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ocpasinlwend them.rtogdje to sl egk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexptacee anl the thousvsd gaturol shockm.
gen: 1260 fit: -69 chromo: to be bc not to bi chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tiso.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundalrows of ocvragevuh fv.tune. o ato cayt armz mgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ocpasinlwend them.rtogdue to slyegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexctacee anl the thous sd gaturel shockm.
gen: 1261 fit: -69 chromo: to be hc not to bw chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tis..okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundafrows of ocgragevuh fvltune. o nto nayt arm  hgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ocpasinlwend them.rtogdke to slregk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexrtacee anl the thouslsd gaturrl shockm.
gen: 1262 fit: -69 chromo: to be lc not to bp chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisb.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundanrows of ocgragevuh fvltune. o pto wayt armz wgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ocpasinlwend them.rtogd.e to sldegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexitacee anl the thousysd gaturfl shockm.
gen: 1263 fit: -69 chromo: to be tc not to bs chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisv.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundacrows of ocjragevuh fvltune. o bto  ayt arml zgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.rtogdxe to slyegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexltacee anl the thousysd gaturbl shockm.
gen: 1264 fit: -69 chromo: to be .c not to bq chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tis..okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundajrows of ocvragevuh fvltune. ooxto  azt armt wgainstij sea ofntroublem aed by ocpasinlwend them.vtogdje to sltegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wj eno.jtheohexvtacae cnd the thouslsd gaturql shocko.
gen: 1265 fit: -69 chromo: to be cc not to bs chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tiso.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaunda rows of ocxragevuh fv.tune. o oto uazt arm. wgainstij sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogd.e to slwegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhex tacee anl the thousisd gaturyl shockm.
gen: 1266 fit: -69 chromo: to be nc not to bk chat isztde quejtios.uwhether tisu.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slzngvvaundavrows of ocmragevuh fvltune. o dto tayt arms sgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ocpqsinlwend them.rtogdfe to slfegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy w  eno.jthemhexxtacee anl the thouspsd gaturtl shockm.
gen: 1267 fit: -69 chromo: to be yc not to b  chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tisx.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundanrows of octragevuh fvltune. o jto kayt armu againstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ocpasinlwend them.rtogdxe to slsegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexitacee anl the thousfsd gaturtl shockm.
gen: 1268 fit: -69 chromo: to be tc not to bg chat isztde quejtio .uwhether tis .okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundazrows of oclragevuh fvltune. o xto xayt arme bgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ocpasinlwend them.rtogdpe to sloegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexftacee anl the thousqsd gaturbl shockm.
gen: 1269 fit: -68 chromo: to be  c not to ba chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisr.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundayrows of ocoragevuh fv.tune. o ato hazt armv ygainstij sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdbe to sl egk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexotacee anl the thousqsd gaturol shockm.
gen: 1270 fit: -68 chromo: to be fc not to bw chat isztde quejtio .uxhether tiss.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundaxrows of occragevuh fvltune. o oto qayt arml pgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ocpasinlwend them.rtogdle to sldegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexltacee anl the thousvsd gatur.l shockm.
gen: 1271 fit: -68 chromo: to be yc not to b. chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisz.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundairows of ocqragevuh fv.tune. o ito fayt armm vgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdae to sltegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexytacee anl the thoushsd gaturcl shockm.
gen: 1272 fit: -68 chromo: to be yc not to b  chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis..okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundalrows of ocxragevuh fv.tune. o .to uazt armb qgainstij sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdwe to slnegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexltacee anl the thousysd gatur l shockm.
gen: 1273 fit: -68 chromo: to be ec not to by chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisp.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundaurows of ocjragevuh fv.tune. o jto jazt armw xgainstijksea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdre to slbegk no more. anduby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexhtacee anl the thous.sd gaturul shockp.
gen: 1274 fit: -68 chromo: to be lc not to bo chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisn.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundazrows of ocuragevuh fv.tune. o gto wayt armj kgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdge to sl.egk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexotacee anl the thousgsd gaturtl shockm.
gen: 1275 fit: -68 chromo: to be wc not to b. chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisp.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundanrows of oczragevuh fv.tune. o xto hayt armu zgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend thmm.vtogdne to sleegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexftacee anl the thousfsd gaturll shockm.
gen: 1276 fit: -68 chromo: to be ac not to br chat isztde quejtios.uwhether tisq.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slnngvvaundaarows of ocpragevuh fmltune. o  to yayt armu bgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ocpqsinlwend them.rtogdze to slaegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy w  eno.jthemhexntacee anl the thoushsd gaturnl shockm.
gen: 1277 fit: -68 chromo: to be  c not to bn chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisq.okler in tie cinietu slffeko fhe slongvvaundajrows of ocwragevuh fv.tune. o ito sazt armw tgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdme to slgegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wz eno.jthemhexqtacee anl the thousgsd gaturll shockm.
gen: 1278 fit: -68 chromo: to be gc not to bs chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisj.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundaxrows of ocoragevuh fv.tune. o pto hayt arms fgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdoe to sljegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexntacee anj the thousgsd gaturml shockm.
gen: 1279 fit: -68 chromo: to be jc not to bh chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether.tis. ooler in tie cinjetu slffekg fhe slongvvaufdaurows of occrageuuh fn.tune. o sto razt arme lgainstmj sea kfntroublem amd by ospqsinlwend them.rtogdwe to slkegk no more. andeby o sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexntacee anl the thoushsd gaturll shockm.
gen: 1280 fit: -68 chromo: to be sc not to br chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tish.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundakrows of oclragevuh fv.tune. o lto eayt armp kgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdae to slxegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexrtacee anj the thousasd gaturfl shockm.
gen: 1281 fit: -68 chromo: to be kc not to ba chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisx ooler in tie cinietu slffeko fhe slongvvaundawrows of oceraggvuh fv.tune. o hto oazt armw .gainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdqe to slzegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wz eno.jthemhexetacee anl the thousytd gatur l shockm.
gen: 1282 fit: -68 chromo: to be ic not to be chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisj.okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundaarows of oclragevuh fv.tune. o rto bayt armp  gainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdue to sloegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexrtacee anj the thousksd gaturvl shockm.
gen: 1283 fit: -68 chromo: to be hd not to bq chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisc.okler in tie cinietu slffeko fhe slongvvaundaqrows of occragevuh fv.tune. o uto qazt armp egainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdve to slvegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wz eno.jthemhexntacee anl the thousesd gatursl shockm.
gen: 1284 fit: -68 chromo: to be wc not to bf chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisx.okler in tie cinietu slffeko fhe slongvvaundanrows of ochragevuh fv.tune. o jto dazt armj hgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdte to slfegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wz eno.jthemhex tacee anl the thouscsd gaturjl shockm.
gen: 1285 fit: -68 chromo: to be dd not to bb chat isztge quejtio .uwhether tisb.okler in tie cinietu slffeko fhe slongvvaundarrows of ocdragevuh fv.tune. o uto cazt armz hgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdse to slvegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wz eno.jthemhexqtacee anl the thoushsd gaturhl shockm.
gen: 1286 fit: -68 chromo: to be ud not to bv chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisx.ooler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundaurows of ocprageuuh fvltune. o dto vayt armw dgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.etogdee to sldegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wz eno.jthemhexotacee anl the thousysd gaturjl shockm.
gen: 1287 fit: -68 chromo: to be xc not to bv ghat iszthe quejtio .vwhether tjsm okler in tie cinietu slffeko fhe slongvvajndayrows of ocpragevuh fv.tune. o nto aayt armh igainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasindwend them.rtogdve to slbegk no more. andeby w sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexxtacee anl the thousrsd gaturfl shockm.
gen: 1288 fit: -68 chromo: to be oc not to bb chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tish ooler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundavrows of occragevuh fv.tune. o cto .ayt army hgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.rtogdqe to slxegk no more. andeby . sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexatacee anl the thousjsd gaturtl shockm.
gen: 1289 fit: -68 chromo: to be id not to bn chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis..ooler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundaxrows of ocnrageuuh fvltune. o fto vayt armg lgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.mtogdve to sl egk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wz eno.jthemhexbtacee anl the thous sd gatural shockm.
gen: 1290 fit: -68 chromo: to be fc not to by chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tism ooler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundaqrows of ocgragevuh fv.tune. o qto xayt arms wgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.rtogdre to sldegk no more. andeby . sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexutacee anl the thousqsd gaturel shockm.
gen: 1291 fit: -68 chromo: to be mc not to bs chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tiss ooler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundalrows of ochragevuh fv.tune. o jto iayt armr .gainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.rtogdme to slsegk no more. andeby j sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhex tacee anl the thouscsd gaturml shockm.
gen: 1292 fit: -68 chromo: to be rc not to b. chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisw ooler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundawrows of ocvragevuh fv.tune. o jto fayt armb dgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.rtogdve to sltegk no more. andeby o sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexutacee anl the thousdsd gaturnl shockm.
gen: 1293 fit: -68 chromo: to be uc not to ba chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisa ooler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundagrows of ocirageuuh fvltune. o zto eayt army xgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinkwend them.rtogdme to sl.egk no more. andeby o sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexztacee anl the thous.sd gatur l shockm.
gen: 1294 fit: -68 chromo: to be ac not to bn chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisl ooler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundaorows of ocprageuuh fvltune. o lto payt arma igainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinkwend them.rtogdte to slfegk no more. andeby o sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexztacee anl the thousssd gaturnl shockm.
gen: 1295 fit: -68 chromo: to be gc not to bu chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tiso ooler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundaxrows of octragevuh fv.tune. o jto oayt armt xgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.rtogdhe to slmegk no more. andeby z sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexatacee anl the thouspsd gatural shockm.
gen: 1296 fit: -68 chromo: to be wc not to bc chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisi ooler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundaurows of.ocxragevuh fv.tune. o kto kayt armv mgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.rtogdfe to slwegk no more. andeby o sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexctacee anl the thousysd gatur l shockm.
gen: 1297 fit: -68 chromo: to be bc not to bt chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisf okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundarrows of oceragevuh fv.tune. o qto yayt armw hgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdte to slqegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexwtacee anl the thouspsd haturxl shockn.
gen: 1298 fit: -68 chromo: to be tc not to b. chat iszthe quejtip .uwhether tisu okler in tie cinjetq slffeko fhe slongvvaundacrows of oahragevuh fv.tune. o pto bayt arm. ngainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.rtogdue to sllegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexktacee anl the thouscsd gaturfl shockm.
gen: 1299 fit: -68 chromo: to be yc not to bf chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisb ooler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundacrows of ocyragevuh fv.tune. o ato yayt armb tgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.rtogdie to slmegk no more. andeby a sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexvtacee anl the thouswsd gaturdl shockm.
gen: 1300 fit: -68 chromo: to be .c not to ba chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisk ooler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvraundaerows of odkragevuh fvltune. o vto eayt armj egainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.rtogdse to sleegk no more. anduby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexdtacme anl the thouscsd haturdl shockn.
gen: 1301 fit: -68 chromo: to be nc not to bi chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisb.oller in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundaprows of ocxragevuh fv.tune. o qto oayt armo kgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.rtocdme to slgegk no more. antuby s sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexstacee anl the thousxsd gaturql shockn.
gen: 1302 fit: -68 chromo: to be nc not to be chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis  ooler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvhaundayrows of odqragevug fvltune. o kto aazt armf tgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.rtogdpe to slcegk no more. anduby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexbtacme anl the thousxsd gaturkl shockn.
gen: 1303 fit: -68 chromo: to be .c not to bo chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisq oller in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundalrows of odoragevug fvltune. o hto sazt arm. ygainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlgend them.rtogdhe to slmegk no more. anduby e sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexbtacee anl the thousjsd haturml shockn.
gen: 1304 fit: -68 chromo: to be qc not to bm chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisf ooler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slgngvvaundaarows of ocuragevuh fv.tune. o sto zayt arml hgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdne to slhegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexvtacee anl the thouspsd gaturel shockn.
gen: 1305 fit: -68 chromo: to be rc not to bj chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisw okler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slongvvaundawrows of ocaragevuh fv.tune. o ato dayt armx againstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdwe to slvegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexqtacee anl the thouscsd haturwl shockn.
gen: 1306 fit: -68 chromo: to be .c not to bd chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisk oller in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundanrows of ocpragevuh fv.tune. o pto eayt armw dgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdve to slfegk no more. andeby   sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexmtacee anl the thousysd haturel shockn.
gen: 1307 fit: -68 chromo: to be fc not to bq chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisv oller in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundabrows of odgragevug fvltune. o sto xazt arm   gainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlgend them.rtogdae to slregk no more. anduby d sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexmtacee anl the thousasd haturhl shockn.
gen: 1308 fit: -68 chromo: to be rc not to b. chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisx okler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slongvvaundayrows of odnragevuh fvltune. o pto  ayt arml wgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdne to slvegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy enm.jthemhexptacee anl the thouszsd haturyl shockn.
gen: 1309 fit: -68 chromo: to be dc not to b. chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisa oller in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundaarows of odbragevug fvltune. o nto dazt armd bgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlgend them.rtogdte to sl.egk no more. anduby g sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexitacee anl the thousksd haturdl shockn.
gen: 1310 fit: -68 chromo: to be rc not to bm chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisq ooler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongxvaundadrows of oc.ragevuh fh.tune. o jto uazt armf vgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.rtocdwe to slmegk no more. anduby m s.eep to sdy wu eno.jthemhexytacee and the thousfsd gaturjl shockn.
gen: 1311 fit: -68 chromo: to be .c not to bz chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisu okler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slongvvaundaarows of odgragevuh fvltune. o .to iayt armc zgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdxe to sliegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy enm.jthemhexutacee anl the thouspsd hatural shockn.
gen: 1312 fit: -68 chromo: to be gc not to bb chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisu okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundanrows of ocuragevuh fv.tune. o sto mayt armp vgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtokdoe to slgegk no more. andeby p sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexstacee anl the thousnsd gaturtl shockm.
gen: 1313 fit: -68 chromo: to be uc not to be chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tiso okler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slongvvaundatrows of odbragevuh fvltune. o yto eayt armw pgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdfe to sllegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy enm.jthemhexmtacee anl the thousesd haturxl shockn.
gen: 1314 fit: -68 chromo: to be bc not to bl chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tism okler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slongvvaundaerows of odgragevuh fvltune. o bto yayt armb  gainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdve to slcegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy enm.jshemhexmtacee anl the thoustsd haturgl shockn.
gen: 1315 fit: -68 chromo: to be kc not to bb shat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisc oller in tie cinzetu slffekp fhe slongvvaundaqrows of ocbragevuh fv.tune. o zto oazt armm fgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.rtogdce to slregk no more. andeby i sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexwtacee anl the thouslsd gaturol shockn.
gen: 1316 fit: -68 chromo: to be  c not to bz chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisl okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundalrows of oceragevuh fv.tune. o rto eayt armk .gainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtokdne to slaegk no more. andeby r sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexotacee anl the thousvsd gaturrl shockm.
gen: 1317 fit: -68 chromo: to be cc not to be chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tist okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundamrows of ocpragevuh fv.tune. o xto payt armt jgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtokdwe to slcegk no more. andeby b sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexttacee anl the thousasd gatursl shockm.
gen: 1318 fit: -68 chromo: to be hc not to bg chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisd okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundaurows of ocpragevuh fv.tune. o uto yayt armf cgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtokdre to sluegk no more. andeby b sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexytacee anl the thousdsd gatural shockm.
gen: 1319 fit: -68 chromo: to be sc not to bh chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisb ooler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongxvaundayrows of ocyragevuh fh.tune. o cto cazt armc cgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.rtocdde to slxegk no more. anduby m s.eep to sdy wb eno.jthemhexqtacee and the thouslsd gaturml shockn.
gen: 1320 fit: -68 chromo: to be sc not to bk chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisp okler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slongvvaundadrows of odjragevuh fvltune. o qto mayt army igainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdle to slwegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy enm.jthemhex tacee anl the thousdsd haturwl shockn.
gen: 1321 fit: -68 chromo: to be  c not to bg chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisz okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundasrows of ocvragevuh fv.tune. o oto gayt arma dgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtokdhe to sl.egk no more. andeby k sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexmtacee anl the thousbsd gaturnl shockm.
gen: 1322 fit: -68 chromo: to be ic not to bh chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisq ooler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slgngvvaundagrows of oc.ragevuh fv.tune. o dto oayt arms xgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdue to slzegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexgtacee anl the thousssd gaturml shockn.
gen: 1323 fit: -68 chromo: to be qc not to bs chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisd okler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slongvvaundadrows of odnragevuh fvltune. o kto kayt armh zgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdre to slsegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy enm.jthemhexktacee anl the thouspsd haturdl shockn.
gen: 1324 fit: -68 chromo: to be zc not to bm chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisz okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slgngvvaundaorows of odsragevuh fv.tune. o ito wayt armx kgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdue to sllegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexutacee anl the thousesd gaturxl shockm.
gen: 1325 fit: -68 chromo: to be dc not to bm chat iszthe queztio .uwhether tisc okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaunda rows of odsragevuh fvltune. o cto  ayt armg ugainstmj seakofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdle to slpegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy enm.jthemhexytacee anl the thouslsd gaturrl shockn.
gen: 1326 fit: -68 chromo: to be gc not to bu chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisj okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slgngvvaundanrows of odkragevuh fv.tune. o xto layt armx tgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdpe to sldegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexrtacee anl the thoushsd gaturil shockm.
gen: 1327 fit: -68 chromo: to be ec not to br chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisu okler in tie cinjetu slffecg fhe slongvvaundaorows of ocbragevuh fv.tune. o lto nayt arms qgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtokdne to slsegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexptacee anl the thousosd gaturzl shockm.
gen: 1328 fit: -68 chromo: to be  c not to bw chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisk okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slgngvvaundahrows of odcragevuh fv.tune. o rto qayt armr ogainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdhe to slzegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy enm.jthemhexytacee anl the thouscsd gaturvl shockn.
gen: 1329 fit: -68 chromo: to be kc not to br chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisa ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slongvvaundafrows of ocfragevuh fvltune. o wto jayt armr ogainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdwe to slcegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexptacee anl the thoususd haturll shockn.
gen: 1330 fit: -68 chromo: to be wc not to bw chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis  okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slgngvvaundairows of odiragevuh fv.tune. o tto oayt armp fgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdke to slmegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy enm.jthemhex tacee anl the thouslsd gaturxl shockn.
gen: 1331 fit: -68 chromo: to be uc not to bk chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisr okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slgngvvaundaorows of odoragevuh fv.tune. o fto rayt armr sgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdge to slgegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexktacee anl the thousisd gatural shockm.
gen: 1332 fit: -68 chromo: to be gc not to bc chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisv okler in tie cinjetu slffekg fhe slongvvaundasrows of ocvragevuh fultune. o ato zayt armi ogainstnj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtokdve to sl.ewk no more. andeby w sleep to sdy wy enm.jthemhexstacee anl the thousfsd gatural shockn.
gen: 1333 fit: -68 chromo: to be cc not to bs chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tish okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slgngvvaundaerows of odhragevuh fv.tune. o nto hayt armj  gainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdze to slkegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy enm.jthemhexhtacee anl the thousisd gaturxl shockn.
gen: 1334 fit: -68 chromo: to be pc not to br chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis  okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slgngvvaundaarows of odoragevuh fv.tune. o yto .ayt armi ugainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdbe to sloegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexytacee anl the thous sd gaturjl shockm.
gen: 1335 fit: -68 chromo: to be wc not to bt chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisb ooler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slgngvvaunda rows of ocuragevuh fv.tune. o bto iayt armx ngainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdne to sl egk no more. andeby n sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexitacee anl the thoususd gaturpl shockn.
gen: 1336 fit: -68 chromo: to be lc not to bi chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisk ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slongvvaundadrows of ocaragevuh fvltune. o uto cayt arms ogainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdwe to sldegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexytacee anl the thousasd haturol shockn.
gen: 1337 fit: -68 chromo: to be wc not to bg chat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tisz okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slgngvvaundafrows of odtragevuh fv.tune. o fto kayt armb .gainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdte to slmegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexxtacee anl the thousvsd gaturol shockm.
gen: 1338 fit: -68 chromo: to be xc not to be chat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis. ooler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundabrows of obpragevuh fv.tune. o sto rayt armr ogainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinkwend them.xtogdae to slwegc no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexstacee anl the thous sd gaturfl shockn.
gen: 1339 fit: -68 chromo: to be hc not to b. chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisu okler in tie cinjetu slffekg fhe slongvvaundaerows of ocwragevuh fultune. o gto wayt armv ugainstnj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtokdye to slnewk no more. andeby k sleep to sdy wy enm.jthemhexmtacee anl the thousasd gaturhl shockn.
gen: 1340 fit: -68 chromo: to be qc not to br chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis  ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slongvvaundagrows of ocoragevuh fvltune. o fto xayt armm ngainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdle to slmegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexitacee anl the thoususd hatur.l shockn.
gen: 1341 fit: -68 chromo: to be yc not to bn chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisx okler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngvvaundadrows of odoragevuh fv.tune. o rto tayt armt mgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdme to slgegk no more. andeby o sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexhtacee anl the thousqsd gaturjl shockn.
gen: 1342 fit: -68 chromo: to be kc not to bn chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tise okler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngvvaundatrows of odtragevuh fv.tune. o vto vayt arm  ygainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdxe to slxegk no more. andeby o sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexgtacee anl the thousqsd gaturxl shockn.
gen: 1343 fit: -68 chromo: to be xc not to by chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisk okler in tie cinjetu slffeog fhe slongvvaundarrows of oc.ragevuh fultune. o mto kayt armx sgainstnj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtokdte to slfewk no more. andeby n sleep to sdy wy enm.jthemhexhtacee anl the thouslsd gaturwl shockn.
gen: 1344 fit: -68 chromo: to be ac not to bw chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisn ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slongvvaundalrows of oclragevuh fvltune. o lto dayt arms ogainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdoe to slxegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexltacme anl the thousjsd hatur.l shockn.
gen: 1345 fit: -68 chromo: to be  c not to bq chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisy okler in tie cinjetu slffekg fhe slongvvaundafrows of ocvragevuh fultune. o utm zayt armn ngainstnj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdle to sleegk no more. andeby u sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexttacme ank the thousxsd gaturbl shockn.
gen: 1346 fit: -68 chromo: to be pc not to bt chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisa okler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngvvaunda rows of odxragevuh fv.tune. o dto gayt armk tgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdoe to sluegk no more. andeby o sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexstacee anl the thouspsd gaturll shockn.
gen: 1347 fit: -68 chromo: to be cc not to bh chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tiswyooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngvvaunda rows of oayragevug fvlsune. o cto mayt armx .gainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdfe to slhewk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexcticee anl the thoustsd haturel shockn.
gen: 1348 fit: -68 chromo: to be .c not to bf chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisq okler in tie cinjetu skffekg fhe slongvvaundaqrows of ociragevuh fvltune. o fto rayt arm.  gainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtokdie to slcegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy enm.jthemhexztacee anl the thousjsd haturml shockn.
gen: 1349 fit: -68 chromo: to be ac not to bq chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis  okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundaqrows of oduragevuh fvltune. o.oto  ayt armk pwainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdue to sllegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy enk.jthemhexptacee anl the thousqsd haturtl shockn.
gen: 1350 fit: -68 chromo: to be tc not to bx chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisx okler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngvvaundaurows of odrragevuh fv.tune. o yto hayt arm. rgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdee to slsegk no more. andeby o sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhex tacee anl the thousesd gatural shockn.
gen: 1351 fit: -68 chromo: to be uc not to bm chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tist okler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngvvaundavrows of odfragevuh fv.tune. o ito iayt armx dgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdve to sliegk no more. andeby o sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexctacee anl the thousgsd gaturll shockn.
gen: 1352 fit: -68 chromo: to be rc not to bt chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisy okler in tie cinjetu slffekg fhe slongvvaundayrows of ocbragevuh fultune. o ato eayt armv igainstnj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtokdve to slzewk no more. andeby l sleep to sdy wy enm.jthemhexytacee anl the thousfsd gaturul shockn.
gen: 1353 fit: -68 chromo: to be xc not to be chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis  okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundairows of od ragevuh fvltune. o.lto  ayt armt xwainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdce to sllegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy enk.jthemhexftacee anl the thous.sd hatur l shockn.
gen: 1354 fit: -68 chromo: to be gc not to bd chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tise ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slongvvaundatrows of ochragevuh fvltune. o cto vayt armk egainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdve to slcegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexztacee anl the thousqsd haturnl shockn.
gen: 1355 fit: -68 chromo: to be wc not to be chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tisv okler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngvvaundaerows of odvragevuh fv.tune. o hto rayt armm qgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinlwend them.vtogdie to slfegk no more. andeby o sleep to sdy wy eno.jthemhexdtacee anl the thouslsd gaturhl shockn.
gen: 1356 fit: -68 chromo: to be pc not to ba chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis  okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundasrows of odlragevuh fvltune. o.gto  ayt armo swainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdwe to slxegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy enk.jthemhexstacee anl the thousmsd haturyl shockn.
gen: 1357 fit: -68 chromo: to be mc not to bk chat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tiss ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundadrows of obmragevuh fvltune. o  to zayt armm zgainstmj sea ofntroublem agd by ospasinkuend them.vtokdie to slwegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexdtacee anl the thousqsd haturyl shockn.
gen: 1358 fit: -68 chromo: to be ac not to bx chat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tisb ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundawrows of obiragevuh fvltune. o zto tayt arm. hgainstmj sea ofntroublem aod by ospasinkuend them.vtokd.e to slsegk no more. andnby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexltacee anl the thousisd haturql shockn.
gen: 1359 fit: -68 chromo: to be zc not to bk chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis  okler in tie cinjetu slffeko fhe slongvvaundanrows of oderagevuh fvltune. o.jto  ayt arms gwainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdie to slyegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy enk.jthemhexntacee anl the thousgsd haturzl shockn.
gen: 1360 fit: -68 chromo: to be ac not to bl chat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tisb ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko vhe slgngxvaundaqrows of obvragevuh fv.tune. o nto xayt arms qgainstmj sea ofntroublemkamd by ospasinkuend them.vtogdte to sl egk no more. andeby p sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexbtacee anl .he thousmsd gaturhl shockn.
gen: 1361 fit: -68 chromo: to be oc not to bg chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundakrows of odvragevuh fvltune. o.pto  ayt armg rgainstmj sea ofntroublem avd by ospasinkwend them.vtokdxe to slbegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexntacee anl the thouswsd hatural shockn.
gen: 1362 fit: -68 chromo: to be  c not to bs chat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis  ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundaorows of oberagevuh fvltune. o oto vayt armo sgainstmj sea ofntroublem ajd by ospasinkuend them.vtokdae to slpegk no more. andnby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexytacee anl the thousisd haturtl shockn.
gen: 1363 fit: -68 chromo: to be hc not to bt chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundaprows of odqragevuh fvltune. o.kto cayt armi bgainstmj sea ofntroublem afd by ospasinkwend them.vtokd.e to slkegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexetacee anl the thousrsd hatursl shockn.
gen: 1364 fit: -68 chromo: to be kc not to bk chat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis  ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slongxvaundaprows of odlragevuh fvltune. o kto layt armo lgainstmj sea ofntroublen axd by ospasinkwend them.vtokdae to sldegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhetutacee anl the thouszwd haturql shockn.
gen: 1365 fit: -68 chromo: to be yc not to bn chat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis  ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slongxvaundavrows of od ragevuh fvltune. o wto tayt armf ggainstmj sea ofntroublen ajd by ospasinkwend them.vtokdue to slqegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhetrtacee anl the thouszwd haturdl shockn.
gen: 1366 fit: -68 chromo: to be mc not to bo chat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis  ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slongxvaundanrows of odwragevuh fvltune. o nto gayt armt ngainstmj sea ofntroublen agd by ospasinkwend them.vtokdce to slfegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhetctacee anl the thouszwd haturdl shockn.
gen: 1367 fit: -68 chromo: to be ic not to bh chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundalrows of odgragevuh fvltune. o.gto eayt armo  gainstmj sea ofntroublem aud by ospasinkwend them.vtokdse to sldegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexotacee anl the thous sd hatursl shockn.
gen: 1368 fit: -68 chromo: to be qc not to bq chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundafrows of odxragevuh fvltune. o.rto  ayt armk lgainstmj sea ofntroublem avd by ospasinkwend them.vtokdae to slhegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexjtacee anl the thousasd haturfl shockn.
gen: 1369 fit: -68 chromo: to be nc not to bt chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundawrows of odaragevuh fvltune. o.rto iayt armn lgainstmj sea ofntroublem azd by ospasinkwend them.vtokdte to sljegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexltacee anl the thouszsd hatursl shockn.
gen: 1370 fit: -68 chromo: to be jc not to bi chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundacrows of odaragevuh fvltune. o.zto tayt arm   gainstmj sea ofntroublem ayd by ospasinkwend them.vtokd e to slaegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexqtacee anl the thousvsd hatur.l shockn.
gen: 1371 fit: -68 chromo: to be jc not to bk ahat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis  okler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngvvaundagrows of oblragevuh fultune. o.mto kaytsarmh ngainstmj sea ofntroublem aod by ospasinksend them.vtokdfe to sl egk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy enm.bthemhexotacee anl the thouswsd hatursl shockn.
gen: 1372 fit: -68 chromo: to be zc not to bq ahat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis  ooler in tie cinjetu skffekg fhe slgngvvaundadrows of obhragevuh fultune. o.sto eaytsarmv ngainstmj sea ofntroublem aod by ospasinksend them.vtokdme to slnegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy enm.bthemhexptacee anl the thouscsd haturvl shockr.
gen: 1373 fit: -68 chromo: to be lc not to br chat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis  ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slongxvaundazrows of odjragevuh fvltune. o mto eayt armx fgainstmj sea ofntroublen a d by ospasinkwend them.vtokdye to slsegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhetttacee anl the thouszwd haturrl shockn.
gen: 1374 fit: -68 chromo: to be  c not to bm chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundafrows of odaragevuh fvltune. o.lto payt armt wgainstmj sea ofntroublem and by ospasinkwend them.vtocdze to slwegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexvtacee anl the tgousqsd haturfl shockn.
gen: 1375 fit: -68 chromo: to re fc not to bm shat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis  ooler in tie cinjetu s.ffekg fhe slongxvaundaerows of odaragevuh fvltune. o qto .ayt armx ngainstmj sea ofntroublem aod by ospasinkwend them.vtokdfe to slgegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy enm.bthemhexdtacee anl the thouszwd gatur l shockp.
gen: 1376 fit: -68 chromo: to be bc not to bn chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis  ooler in tje cinjetu slffekg fhe slongxvaundacrows of odcragevuh evltune. o qto hayt armt vgainstmj sea ofntroublem avd by ospasinkwend them.vto dme to slsegk no moret andeby m sleep to scy wy eno.bthemhetptaceesanl the thousasd gaturml shockn.
gen: 1377 fit: -68 chromo: to be qc not to bc chat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis  ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundazrows of odoragevuh fvltune. o.dto qayt armi hgainstmj sea ofntroublem akd by ospasinkwend them.vtokdne to slzegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhetetacee anl the thouszsd haturfl shockn.
gen: 1378 fit: -68 chromo: to be gc not to bd chat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis  ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slongxvaundaerows of odtragevuh fvltune. o cto vayt armt jgainstmj sea ofntroublen aqd by ospasinkwend them.vtokdxe to sl egk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhetktacee anl the thouszwd haturul shockn.
gen: 1379 fit: -68 chromo: to be nc not to bx chat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis  ooler in tie cijjetv skffeko fhe slgngxvaundagrows of odcragevuh fvltune. o.oto mayt armc lgainstmj sea ofntroublem agd by ospasinkwend them.vtokd.e to sloegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhetetacee anl the thouszsd haturgl shokkn.
gen: 1380 fit: -68 chromo: to be oc not to b. chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundarrows of odrragevuh fvltune. o.gto qayt armo ygainstmj sea ofntroublem aid by ospasinkwend them.vtokdve to sllegk no more. ancfby m sleep to sdy wy eni.bthemhexktacee anl the thouszsd haturrl shockn.
gen: 1381 fit: -68 chromo: to be dc not to bz chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundaprows of odjragevuh fvltune. o.qto gayt arm. ggainstmj sea ofntroublem akd by ospasinkwend them.vtokdue to slhegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexotacee anl the thousgsd haturyl shockn.
gen: 1382 fit: -68 chromo: to be dc not to by chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis  ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko hhe slongxvaunda.rows of odpragevuh fvltune. o mto hayt armd egainstmj sea ofntroublem aqd by ospasinkwend them.vtokdhe to slxegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy enm.bthemhexwtacee anl the thouszwd haturrl shockp.
gen: 1383 fit: -68 chromo: to be ec not to bg chat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis  ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundaorows of odxragevuh fvltune. o.gto eayt armu  gainstmj sea ofntroublem awd by ospasinkwend them.vtokdfe to sltegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhetatacee anl the thouszsd haturql shockn.
gen: 1384 fit: -68 chromo: to be ec not to bb chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundaxrows of odbragexuh fvltune. o.wto oayt army vgainstmj sea ofntroublem akd by ospasinkwend them.vtocdde to slmegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheihexltacee anl the thousrsd haturyl shockn.
gen: 1385 fit: -68 chromo: to be .c not to be dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgncxvaundasrows of odwragevuh fvltune. o.lto dayt arml ngainstmj sea ofntroublem ard by ospasinkwend them.vtokdme to sleegk no more. andfby m sleep to scy wy eni.bthemhexctacee anl the thousxsd haturtl shockn.
gen: 1386 fit: -68 chromo: to be nc not to by chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundawrows of odoragevuh fvltune. o.hto xayt armg igainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinkwend them.vtocdbe to sljegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexttacee anl the thousrsd haturwl shockn.
gen: 1387 fit: -68 chromo: to be rc not to bp chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundavrows of odaragevuh fvltune. o.oto .ayt armo jgainstmj sea ofntroublem apd by ospasinkwend them.vtokdue to sloegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexstacee anl the thouslsd hatural shockn.
gen: 1388 fit: -68 chromo: to be mc not to bm chat isythe quejtio .uwhethervtis  ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaunlawrows of odyragevuh fvltune. o eto hayt armq sgainstmj sea ofntroublem ahd by ospasinkwend them.vtokdie to sluegk no more. andeby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhetftacee anl the thouszwd haturol shockn.
gen: 1389 fit: -68 chromo: to be tc not to bu chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundaorows of odgragevuh fvltune. o.bto eayt armc cgainstmj sea ofntroublem aid by ospasinkwend them.vtocdae to slqegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexvtacee anl the thousqsd hatural shockn.
gen: 1390 fit: -67 chromo: to be mc not to bp chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundahrows of odnragevuh fvltune. o.wto payt armq tgainstmj sea ofntroublem agd by ospasinkwend them.vtocdpe to sleegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexmtacee anl the thousosd haturzl shockn.
gen: 1391 fit: -67 chromo: to be cc not to by chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundaxrows of odkragevuh fvltune. o.bto dayt armz vgainstmj sea ofntroublem ayd by ospasinkwend them.vtokdfe to sllegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexctacee anl the thousdsd haturpl shockn.
gen: 1392 fit: -67 chromo: to be zc not to bh chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis  ooler in tje sinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundazrows of odyragevuh fvltune. o.nto zayt armv ogainstmj sea ofntroublen abd by ospasinkwend them.vtocd e to sljegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheihexvtacee anl the thouslsd haturkl shockm.
gen: 1393 fit: -67 chromo: to be gc not to bv chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis  ooler in tje sinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundacrows of odvragevuh fvltune. o.wto bayt armv mgainstmj sea ofntroublen akd by ospasinkwend them.vtocdke to slhegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheihexxtacee anl the thousjsd haturpl shockm.
gen: 1394 fit: -67 chromo: to be ec not to bv chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundajrows of odcragevuh fvltune. o.eto gayt armt kgainstmj sea ofntroublem axd by ospasinkwend them.vtocdge to sl.egk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexctacae anl the thoususd haturfl shockn.
gen: 1395 fit: -67 chromo: to be .c not to b. chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundahrows of odaragevuh fvltune. o.qto iayt armt dgainstmj sea ofntroublem awd by ospasinkwend them.vtocdee to sloegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexztacae anl the thouswsd hatursl shockn.
gen: 1396 fit: -67 chromo: to be vc not to bm chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundamrows of odlragevuh fvltune. o.wto mayt armo tgainstmj sea ofntroublem agd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdue to sl.egk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexltacee anl the thouslsd haturhl shockn.
gen: 1397 fit: -67 chromo: to be .c not to bq chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tie cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundaarows of odnragevuh fvltune. o.zto oayt armg ygainstmj sea ofntroublem aed by ospasinkwend them.vtokdze to slregk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexotacee anl the thousvsd haturfl shockn.
gen: 1398 fit: -67 chromo: to be qc not to bq chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundaxrows of oderagexuh fvltune. o.dto sayt arma tgainstmj sea ofntroublem ayd by ospasinkwend them.vtocdxe to sluegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheihex.tacee anl the thoususd haturml shockn.
gen: 1399 fit: -67 chromo: to be gc not to bp chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundaxrows of odnragexuh fvltune. o.zto cayt armj dgainstmj sea ofntroublem asd by ospasinkwend them.vtocdbe to sldegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheihexotacee anl the thoususd haturil shockn.
gen: 1400 fit: -67 chromo: to be  c not to bm chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundalrows of od ragexuh fvltune. o.pto iayt armc egainstmj sea ofntroublem apd by ospasinkwend them.vtocdle to slaegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheihexatacee anl the thoustsd haturwl shockn.
gen: 1401 fit: -67 chromo: to be wc not to be chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundamrows of odyragexuh fvltune. o.qto dayt armz kgainstmj sea ofntroublem ard by ospasinkwend them.vtocdoe to slkegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheihexctacee anl the thousisd haturtl shockn.
gen: 1402 fit: -67 chromo: to be yc not to bw chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjete skffeko fhe slgngxvaundanrows of obxragevuh fvdtune. o.jto yait arms tgainstmj sea ofntroublem azd by ospasinkwend them.vtocdre to slbegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhex.tacee an. the thoususd haturwl shockn.
gen: 1403 fit: -67 chromo: to be xc not to bm chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundanrows of odpragevuh fvltune. o.uto iayt armq ugainstmj sea ofntroublem aud by ospasinkwend them.vtogdie to slqegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexqtacee anl the thoushsd haturbl shockn.
gen: 1404 fit: -67 chromo: to be bc not to bf chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko fhe slgngxvaundazrows of odfragevuh fvltune. o.wto .ayt arme ygainstmj sea ofntroublem ajd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdne to sleegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexctacee anl the thousysd haturbl shockn.
gen: 1405 fit: -67 chromo: to be yc not to be chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundarrows of odrragexuh fvltune. o..to iayt armr  gainstmj sea ofntroublem ayd by ospasinkwend them.vtocdxe to slcegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhex tacee anl the thousqsd haturfl shockn.
gen: 1406 fit: -66 chromo: to be tc not to bu chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko fhe slgngxvaundarrows of oduragevuh fvltune. o.vto fayt armp .gainstmj sea ofntroublem a.d by ospasinkwend them.vtogdue to slvegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexxtacee anl the thousrsd haturrl shockn.
gen: 1407 fit: -66 chromo: to be  c not to bz chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffeko fhe slengxvaundamrows of odaragexuh fvltune. o.lto layt armd ygainstmj sea ofntroublem and by ospasinkwend them.vtocdze to slsegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhex.tacee anl the thouspsd haturml shockn.
gen: 1408 fit: -66 chromo: to be fc not to bd chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffeko fhe slengxvaundaerows of od ragexuh fvltune. o.ato mayt arma jgainstmj sea ofntroublem a d by ospasinkwend them.vtokdpe to sleegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexbtacee anl the thousvsd haturul shockn.
gen: 1409 fit: -66 chromo: to be cc not to bk chat iszthe queltio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko fhe slgngxvaundakrows of odwragevuh fvltune. o.mto uayt armj lgainstmj sea ofntroublem aad by ospasinkwend them.vtogdme to slhegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexgtacee anl the thousysd haturpl shockn.
gen: 1410 fit: -66 chromo: to be gc not to bn chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundaorows of odgragexuh fvltune. o.yto .ayt armq ngainstmj sea ofntroublem agd by ospasinkwend them.vtocdle to slaegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexutacee anl the thousnsd haturml shockn.
gen: 1411 fit: -66 chromo: to be mc not to bf chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundatrows of odxragexuh fvltune. o.bto layt armf fgainstmj sea ofntroublem a d by ospasinkwend them.vtocdje to slwegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexvtacee anl the thousnsd haturyl shockn.
gen: 1412 fit: -66 chromo: to be tc not to bp chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko vhe slgngxvaundalrows of oderagevuh fvltune. o.vto nayt armn xgainstmj sea ofntroublem aqd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdwe to slsegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexhtacee anl the thousbsd haturbl shockn.
gen: 1413 fit: -66 chromo: to be ac not to by chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko fhe slgngxvaundaqrows of odoragevuh fvltune. o.bto yayt armp egainstmj sea ofntroublem apd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdne to slpehk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexktacee anl the thoususd haturpl shockf.
gen: 1414 fit: -66 chromo: to be hc not to bt chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundacrows of odkragexuh fvltune. o.qto tayt armp  gainstmj sea ofntroublem and by ospasinkwend them.vtocdee to slzegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexatacee anl the thoushsd haturjl shockn.
gen: 1415 fit: -66 chromo: to be dc not to bd chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko fhe slgngxvaunda.rows of oderagevuh fvltune. o.eto vayt armg mgainstmj sea ofntroublem ayd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdne to sltehk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexftacee anl the thouslsd haturtl shockf.
gen: 1416 fit: -66 chromo: to be wc not to bn chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundafrows of odyragexuh fvltune. o.rto qayt arms xgainstmj sea ofntroublem ajd by ospasinkwend them.vtocdde to slzegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexktacee anl the thouswsd haturml shockn.
gen: 1417 fit: -66 chromo: to be jc not to bi chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko fhe slgngxvaundagrows of odaragevuh fvltune. o.bto uayt arml egainstmj sea ofntroublem apd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdie to sljehk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexhtacee anl the thous sd haturll shockf.
gen: 1418 fit: -66 chromo: to be zc not to bf chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundaarows of oduragevuh fvltune. o.lto oayt armw ngainstmj sea ofntroublem ahd by ospasinkwend them.vtocd.e to slyegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexttacee anl the thousksd haturgl shockn.
gen: 1419 fit: -66 chromo: to be cc not to bo chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffeko fhe slgngxvaundazrows of odpragevuh fvltune. o.nto sayt armc ogainstmj sea ofntroublem ahd by ospasinkwend them.vtocdbe to slyegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhex tacee anl the thousgsd hatursl shockn.
gen: 1420 fit: -66 chromo: to be fc not to bi chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko vhe slgngxvaundarrows of odaragevuh fvltune. o.ito nayt arma rgainstmj sea ofntroublem aqd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdne to slsegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexttacee anl the thousysd haturpl shockn.
gen: 1421 fit: -66 chromo: to be .c not to bz chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko vhe slgngxvaundafrows of odvragexuh fvltune. o.uto cayt arms ngainstmj sea ofntroublem axd by ospasinkwend them.vtocdde to slcegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexetacee anl the thouspsd haturol shockn.
gen: 1422 fit: -66 chromo: to be .c not to bc chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko fhe slgngxvaundaprows of oddragevuh fvltune. o.eto oayt armi ygainstmj sea ofntroublem asd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdpe to slcehk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexgtacee anl the thousrsd haturll shockf.
gen: 1423 fit: -66 chromo: to be ic nos to bv chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko vhe slgngxvaundaerows of odqragevuh fvltune. o.eto payt armc wgainstmj sea ofntroublem apd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdye to sllegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexbtacee anl the thousjsd haturfl shockn.
gen: 1424 fit: -66 chromo: to be rd not to br chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko fhe slgngxvaundaorows of odlragevuh fvltune. o.mto zayt army ngainstmj sea ofntroublem awd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdje to slfegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexztacee anl the thousysd haturel shockn.
gen: 1425 fit: -66 chromo: to be dc not to bz chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffekk fhe slgngxvaunda rows of odiragexuh fvltune. o.sto eayt army rgainstml sea ofntroublem axd by ospisinkwend them.vtocdye to sl egk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexotacee anl the thousysd haturzl shockn.
gen: 1426 fit: -66 chromo: to be cc not to bx chat iszrhe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinietu skffekk fhe slgngxvaunda rows of odkragexuh fvltune. o.bto oayt armi zgainstmj sea ofntroublem aid by owpasinkwend them.vtocdfe to slregk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexatacee anl the thousvsd haturvl shockn.
gen: 1427 fit: -66 chromo: to be ed not to b  chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko fhe slgngxvaundamrows of odsragevuh fvltune. o.cto dayt armi mgainstmj sea offtroublem a.d by ospasinkwend them.vtocdke to slmegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexbtacee anl the thousmsd haturml shockn.
gen: 1428 fit: -66 chromo: to be id not to ba chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko fhe slgngxvaundaerows of odfragevuh fvltune. o.qto wayt armj xgainstmj sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdye to sloego no more. andfby m sleep to sd  wy eno.bthemhexvtacee anl the thousosd haturml shockn.
gen: 1429 fit: -66 chromo: to be cc not to bb chat iszrhe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffekk fhe slgngxvaundaarows of odfragexuh fvltune. o.ato vayt armw wgainstmj sea ofntroublem avd by ospasinkwend them.vtocdpe to slfegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexftacee anl the thousmsd haturml shocko.
gen: 1430 fit: -66 chromo: to be fc not to bo chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffekk fhe slgngxvaundawrows of odkragevuh fvltune. o.wto dayt arm  againstmz sea ofntroublem and by ospasinkwend them.vtogdge to slkehk no more.randfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexqtacee anl the thousysd haturll shockn.
gen: 1431 fit: -66 chromo: to be cc not to bd chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko fhe slgngxvaundairows of odmragexuh fvltune. o.kto layt armf vgainstmj sea ofntroublem add by ospasiniwend them.vtocdle to sltegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexatacee anl the thouspsd haturml shockn.
gen: 1432 fit: -66 chromo: to be sd not to bc chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko fhe slgngxvaundagrows of odoragevuh fvltune. o.uto jayt armx rgainstmj sea ofntroublem add by ospasinkwend them.vtogdhe to slsegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhex.tacee anl the thoususd haturjl shockn.
gen: 1433 fit: -66 chromo: to be td not to bd chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko fhe slgngxvaundadrows of odyragevuh fvltune. o.yto eayt armd igainstmj sea ofntroublem aud by ospasinkwend them.vtogdke to sliegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexqtacee anl the thousnsd haturel shockn.
gen: 1434 fit: -66 chromo: to be kc not to bn chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffekk fhe slgngxvaundasrows of odoragexuh fvltune. o.pto tayt armu .gainstml sea ofntroublem ayd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdde to slbegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexstacee anl the thousjsd haturgl shockn.
gen: 1435 fit: -66 chromo: to be ac not to by chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko fhe slgngxvaundairows of odsragevuh fvltune. o.fto layt armw lgainstmj sea ofntroublem ard by ospasinkwend them.vtogdze to slyegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexgtacee anl the thouscsd haturjl shockn.
gen: 1436 fit: -66 chromo: to be qd not to bn chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko fhe slgngxvaundadrows of odkragevuh fvltune. o.rto iayt armc rgainstmj sea offtroublem aud by ospasinkwend them.vtocdge to slpegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexmtacee anl the thousosd haturml shockn.
gen: 1437 fit: -66 chromo: to be qd not to by chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko fhe slgngxvaundaxrows of odnragevuh fvltune. o.eto bayt armr jgainstmj sea ofntroublem acd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdde to slyegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexltacee anl the thousesd haturhl shockn.
gen: 1438 fit: -66 chromo: to be gc not to bs chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv skffeko fhe slgngxvaundajrows of odmragevuh fvltune. o.pto zayt armo wgainstmj sea ofntroublem aid by ospasinkwend them.vtogdve to slnegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexmtacee anl the thouswsd haturil shockn.
gen: 1439 fit: -66 chromo: to be uc not to bc chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffekk fhe slgngxvaundaerows of oddragexuh fvltune. o.gto xayt armw kgainstml sea ofntroublem aid by ospisinkwend them.vtogdhe to slcegi no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexrtacee anl the thousssd haturnl shockn.
gen: 1440 fit: -66 chromo: to be mc not to bb chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffekk fhe slgngxvaundamrows of oderagexuh fvltune. o.rto aayt armq wgainstml sea ofptroublem and by ospisinkwend them.vtocdue to slmegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexntacee anl the thouswsd haturfl shockn.
gen: 1441 fit: -66 chromo: to be xd not to bz chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis xooler in tje cinjetv skffeko fhe slgngxvaundalrows of odaragevuh fvltune. o.jto ba t armk jgainstmj sea offtroublem ald by ospasinkwend them.vtocdve to slcegi no more. andfby m sleepito sdy wy eno.bthemhexptacee anl the thousdsd haturml shockn.
gen: 1442 fit: -66 chromo: to be vc not to b. chat iszthe queitio .uwhether tis .ooler in tle cinjetu skffekk fhe slgngxvaundaurows of odaragexuh fvltune. o.gto tayt armq  gainstml sea ofntroublem ahd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdee to slyegk no more  andfby n sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexdtacee anl the thousmsd fatural shockn.
gen: 1443 fit: -66 chromo: to be .c not to bz chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffekk fhe slgngxvaundaorows of od.ragexuh fvltune. o.oto yayt armd mgainstml sea ofntroublem amd by ospisinkwend them.vtogd e to slxegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexdtacee anl the thousrsd hatural shockn.
gen: 1444 fit: -66 chromo: to be ec not to bi chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundaerows of od.ragexuh fvltune. o..to qayt army againstml sea ofntroublem ajb by ospasiniwend them.vtogdze to sluegk no more. andnby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexntacee and the thousssd haturkl shockn.
gen: 1445 fit: -66 chromo: to be sc not to bk chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffekk fhe slgngxvaundamrows of odnragexuh fvltune. o. to kayt armg egainstml sea ofntroublem a.d by ospisinkwend them.vtocdoe to slxegi no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexbtacee anl the thousnsd haturul shockn.
gen: 1446 fit: -66 chromo: to be cd not to bi chat iszthe quejtio .vwhether tis cooler in tje cinjetv skffeko fhe slengxvaundasrows of odwragevuh fvltune. o. to rayt armu jgainstej sea ofntroublem ard by ocpasinkwend them.vtogdte to slhegi no more. andfby m sleepito sdy wy eno.bthemhexmtacee anl the thousasd haturml shockn.
gen: 1447 fit: -66 chromo: to be kc not to b. chat iszthe queitio .uwhether tis .ooler in tle cinjetu skffekk fhe slgngxvaundaprows of odpragexuh fvltune. o.oto layt armc sgainstml sea ofntroublem a.d by ospisinkwend them.vtogdne to slmegk no more. andfby n sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexqtacee anl the thousssd haturql shockn.
gen: 1448 fit: -66 chromo: to be  c not to bt chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .opler in tje cinjetu skffekk fhe slcngxvahndatrows of odiragexux fvltune. o.kto oayt armb lgainstnl.sea ofptroublem asd by ospisinkwend them.vtocdue to slyegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexqtacee and the thouspsd haturql shockn.
gen: 1449 fit: -66 chromo: to be xc not to ba chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tle cinjetu skffekk fhe slcngxvaunda rows of odiragexux fvltune. o.cto oayt armg fgainstnl sea ofntroublem aqd by ospisinkwend them.vtogcne to slqegk no more. andnby n sleep to sdy wy enk.rtheohexntacee and the thouspsd haturul shockn.
gen: 1450 fit: -66 chromo: to be dc not to bd chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu scffelk fhe slgngxvaundaarows of ol.ragevuh fvltune. otlto hayt armv xgainstml sea ofntroublem awb by ospisinkwend them.vtogdee to sluegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy enozbtheohexntacee and the thousl d haturgl shockn.
gen: 1451 fit: -66 chromo: to be rc not to bn chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffekk fhe slgngxvaundasrows of odyragexuh fvltune. o.fto gayt armi vgainstml sea ofntroublem axd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdae to sl.ego no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.bsheohexttacee anl the thousbsd hatural shockn.
gen: 1452 fit: -66 chromo: to be qc not to by chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundaprows of od.ragexuh fvltune. o.zto oayt armj sgainstml sea ofntroublem acb by ospasiniwend them.vtogdqe to sl egk no more. andnby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexntacee and the thousssd hatursl shockn.
gen: 1453 fit: -66 chromo: to be pc not to b  chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundamrows of od.ragexuh fvltune. o.pto rayt armw tgainstml sea ofntroublem anb by ospasiniwend them.vtogdde to slnegk no more. andnby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexntacee and the thouspsd haturdl shockn.
gen: 1454 fit: -66 chromo: to be kc not to bt chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tle cinjetu skffekk fhe slcngxvaundafrows of oduragexux fvltune. o.tto iayt armh cgainstnl sea ofntroublem abd by ospisinkwend them.vtogc.e to slaegk no more. andnby n sleep to sdy wy enk.rtheohexvtacee and the thouspsd haturul shockn.
gen: 1455 fit: -66 chromo: to be ac not to bf chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tle cinjetu skffekk fhe slgngxvaundawrows of otpragexuh fvltune. o.cto xayt arms cgainstml sea ofntroublem aid by ospisinkwend them.vtogdie to slnegk no more. andfbm n sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexxtacee anl the thousksd haturml shockn.
gen: 1456 fit: -66 chromo: to be kc not to bc chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tle cinjetu skffekk fhe slgngxvaundawrows of otvragexuh fvltune. o. to rayt armm bgainstml sea ofntroublem ahd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdpe to slyegk no more. andfbc n sleep to sdy wy eno.bthemhexltacee anl the thousrsd haturml shockn.
gen: 1457 fit: -66 chromo: to be vc not to bn chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffekk fhe slgngxvaundanrows of odzragexuh fvltune. o.lto fayt armh sgainstml sea ofntroublem ald by ospisinkwend them.vtogd e to slcegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexjtacee anl the thousqsd haturbl shockn.
gen: 1458 fit: -66 chromo: to be yc not to bq chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundalrows of od.ragexuh fvltune. o.ato mayt armk mgainstml sea ofntroublem aqb by ospasiniwend them.vtogdde to sl.egk no more. andnby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexntacee and the thousfsd hatur l shockn.
gen: 1459 fit: -66 chromo: to be tc not to bx chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tle cinjetu skffekk hhe slgngxvaundazrows of odoragexuh fvltune. o.cto kayt armb sgainstnl sea ofntroublem acd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdge to sltegk no mote. andfby n sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexmtacee and the thousysd haturtl shockn.
gen: 1460 fit: -66 chromo: to be gc not to bn ghat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .opler in tje dinjetu scffekk.vhe slcngxvaundacrows of odlragexuh fvltune. o.lto layt armj wgainstnl sea ofntroublem ahd by ospasinkwend them.xtogdpe to slkegk no more. andfby n sleep to sdy wy enk.btheohexptacue and the thouspsd haturyl shoakn.
gen: 1461 fit: -66 chromo: to be ic not to bz chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetu scffekk fhe slcngxvaundatrows of odkragexuh fvltune. o.nto vayt armt egainstml sea ofntroublem ahd by ospasiniwend them.vtogdje to slsegk no oore. andnby n sleep to sdy wy eno.rtheohexftacee and the thousxsd haturxl shockn.
gen: 1462 fit: -66 chromo: to be kc not to bx chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvauwdaarows of od.ragexuh fvltune. o.yto hayt armb igainstml sea ofntroublem aob by ospasiniwend them.vtogdge to sljegk no more. andnby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexntacee and the thousmsd haturll shockn.
gen: 1463 fit: -66 chromo: to be cc not to bf chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tle dinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundaerows of odgragexux fvltune. o.wto rayt armr bgainstnl sea ofntroublem aod by ospisiniwend rhem.vtogdie to slpegk no more. andnby m sleep to sdy wy enk.btheohexntacee and the thouspsd haturul shockn.
gen: 1464 fit: -66 chromo: to be gc not to bj chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .roler in tje cimjetu skffekk fhe slcngxvaunlanrows of odtragexuh fvltune. o.pto kayt armt vgainstol sea ofntroublem ajd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdae to slqegk no more. andfby n sleep to sdy wz enk.rtheohexntacee and the thous.wd xaturul shockn.
gen: 1465 fit: -66 chromo: to be bc not to bq chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tle cinjetu skffekk hhe slgngxvaundaqrows of odaragexuh fvltune. o.mto mayt armk ugainstnl sea ofntroublem agd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdre to slfegk no mote. andfby n sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexutacee and the thouszsd haturcl shockn.
gen: 1466 fit: -66 chromo: to be ec not to bo chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffekk fhe slgngxvaundavrows of odvragexuh fvltune. o.sto mayt arm. rgainstml sea ofntroublem ard by ospisinkwend them.vtogdoe to sliegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexktacee anl the thousmsd haturjl shockn.
gen: 1467 fit: -66 chromo: to be tc not to b. chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffekk fhe slgngxvaundaarows of odpragexuh fvltune. o.pto tayt armv fgainstml sea ofntroublem apd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdde to sleegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexitacee anl the thousisd haturzl shockn.
gen: 1468 fit: -66 chromo: to be uc not to bl chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffekk fhe slgngxvaundaorows of odhragexuh fvltune. o.lto bayt armz bgainstml sea ofntroublem awd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdze to sl egk no mkre. andfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexftacee and the thouspsd haturkl shockn.
gen: 1469 fit: -66 chromo: to be pc not to br chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu skffekk fhe slgngxvaundaorows of odxragexuh fvlrune. o.sto wayt armp mgainstml sea ofntroublem awd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdme to slwegk no mkre. andfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohex.tacee and the thousisd haturgl shockn.
gen: 1470 fit: -66 chromo: to be vc not to by chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tle dinjetu skffekk hhe slgngxvaugda rows of od.ragexuh fvltune. o.pto iayt armf mgainstnl wea ofntroublem azd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdie to slpegk no more. andnby n sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexytacee and the thousmsd haturwl shockn.
gen: 1471 fit: -66 chromo: to be cc not to bq dhat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjete scfhekk fhe slgngxvaundanrows of odnragexuh fvltune. o.qto sayt arm  againstml sea ofntroublem a d by ospisiniwend them.vtogdwe to sljegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz enk.btheohex tacee and the thousssd haturrl shockn.
gen: 1472 fit: -66 chromo: to be zc not to b. dhat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjete scfhekk fhe slgngxvaundaqrows of odhragexuh fvltune. o.pto dayt armb ugainstml sea ofntroublem agd by ospisiniwend them.vtogdze to slaegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz enk.btheohexktacee and the thouswsd haturul shockn.
gen: 1473 fit: -66 chromo: to be tc not to bf dhat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundaprows of odyragexuh fvltune. o.fto vayt armv  gainstml sea ofntroublem aid by ospisiniwend them.vtogdze to slzegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz enk.btheohexdtacee and the thousvsd haturgl shockn.
gen: 1474 fit: -66 chromo: to be wc not to bl dhat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundairows of oduragexuh fvltune. o.dto cayt armk fgainstml sea ofntroublem aed by ospisiniwend them.vtogdhe to sl.egk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz enk.btheohexitacee and the thousbsd haturkl shockn.
gen: 1475 fit: -66 chromo: to be pc not to bo dhat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetu scffekk fhe slgngvvaundaarows of od.ragexuh fvltune. o.cto wayt armt kgainstml sea ofntroublem agd by ospasiniwend them vtogdye to sljegk no more. andnby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexgtacee and the thous sd haturpl shockn.
gen: 1476 fit: -66 chromo: to be yc not to bh dhat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundadrows of odnragexuh fvltune. o.hto mayt arma kgainstml sea ofntroublem add by ospisiniwend them.vtogdme to slregk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz enk.btheohexitacee and the thoustsd haturzl shockn.
gen: 1477 fit: -66 chromo: to be yc not to ba dhat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tju dinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundagrows of odoragexuh fvltune. o.jto bayt armh cgainstmj sea ofntroublem ard by ospisiniwend them.xtogdee to slzegk no more. andfby m cleep to sdy wz enk.btheohexntacee and the thousysd haturml shockn.
gen: 1478 fit: -66 chromo: to be yc not to bo dhat iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjete scffekk fhe slgngxhaundaerows of od ragexuh fvltune. o.uto fayt arm  wgainstmj sea ofntroublem aed by ospisiniwend them.xtogd e to slsegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexhtacee and the thousrsd haturol shockn.
gen: 1479 fit: -66 chromo: to be jc not to br chat iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjftu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundalrows of od.ragexuh fvltune. o.mto gayt armw vgainstml sea ofntroublem add by ospisiniwend them.rtogdve to slwegk no more. andnby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexvtacee and the thouscsd haturtl shockn.
gen: 1480 fit: -66 chromo: to be gc not to bz dhat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tju dinjetu scffekk fhe slhngxvaundabrows on od ragexuh fvltune. o.kto tayt armo mgainstml sea ofntroublem awd by ospisiniwend them.xtogdje to slnegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz enk.btheohexntacee and the thouslsd haturvl shockn.
gen: 1481 fit: -66 chromo: to be yc not to be dhat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaunda rows of odiragexuh fvltune. o.dto layt army dgainstml sea ofntroublem aid by ospisiniwend them.vtogd.e to slxegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz enk.btheohexetacee and the thousnsd haturdl shockn.
gen: 1482 fit: -66 chromo: to be gc not to bl dhat iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjete scffekk fhe slgngxhaundaorows of od ragexuh fvltune. o.qto bayt armn dgainstmj sea ofntroublem abd by ospisiniwend them.xtogdme to sl egk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexbtacee and the thousisd haturhl shockn.
gen: 1483 fit: -65 chromo: to be kc not to bl dhat iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjete scffekk fhe slgngxhaundahrows of odoragexuh fvltune. o.fto vayt armt ogainstmj sea ofntroublem ajd by ospisiniwend them.xtogdde to sliegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexltacee and the thousssd haturxl shockn.
gen: 1484 fit: -65 chromo: to be yc not to bi chat iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjftu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundazrows of od.ragexuh fvltune. ozhto bayt arm. vgainstml sea ofntroublem afd by ospisinixend them.vtogdze to slvegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexftacee and thf thousysd gaturjl shockn.
gen: 1485 fit: -65 chromo: to be .c not to br dhat iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjete scffekk fhe slgngxhaundaerows of odtragexuh fvltune. o.xto fayt armv fgainstmj sea ofntroublem aqd by ospisiniwend them.xtogdde to slhegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexytacee and the thousbsd haturnl shockn.
gen: 1486 fit: -65 chromo: to be .c not to bb dhat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundafrows of odiragexuh fvltune. o.yto sayt armk  gainstml sea ofntroublem a.d by ospisiniwend them.vtogdue to slsegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz enk.btheohexitacee and the thouscsd haturrl shockn.
gen: 1487 fit: -65 chromo: to be ic not to bg dhat iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjete scffekk fhe slgngxhaunda rows of odyragexuh fvltune. o.gto kayt armh bgainstmj sea ofntroublem axd by ospisiniwend them.xtogdie to sldegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexgtacee and the thoustsd haturdl shockn.
gen: 1488 fit: -65 chromo: to be lc not to bx dhat iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjete scffekk fhe slgngxhaundalrows of odcragexuh fvltune. o.nto bayt armf lgainstmj sea ofntroublem ald by ospisiniwend them.xtogdie to slkegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexftacee and the thousksd haturml shockn.
gen: 1489 fit: -65 chromo: to be pc not to b. dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundagrows of od.ragexuh fvltune. o.rto .ayt armj hgainstml sea ofntroublem aed by ospisinixend them.vtogdke to sl.eok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexutacee and the thousosd haturzl shockn.
gen: 1490 fit: -65 chromo: to be nc not to bx chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundanrows of oduragexuh fvltune. o.vto layt armn xgainstnl sea ofntroublem ayd by ospasiniiend them.vtogdre to slgegl no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz enk.btheohexptacee and the thousisd haturul shockn.
gen: 1491 fit: -65 chromo: to be pc not to bp dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundamrows of od.ragexup fvltune. ozdto kayt armv jgainstml sea ofntroublem aad by ospisinkwend them.vtogdue to slteok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexmtacee and the thoususd gaturml shockn.
gen: 1492 fit: -65 chromo: to be pc not to by dhat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaufdaqrows of od.ragexuh fvltune. o.pto payt army dgainstml sea ofntroublem ayd by ospasiniwend them.vtogdbe to slhegk no more. andnby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexotacee and the thouslsd haturbl shockn.
gen: 1493 fit: -65 chromo: to be pc not to bo dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundatrows of od.ragexup fvltune. ozbto rayt arms lgainstml sea ofntroublem aid by ospisinkwend them.vtogdwe to slreok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexctacee and the thousjsd gaturil shockn.
gen: 1494 fit: -65 chromo: to be pc not to bl chat iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjete scffekk fhe slgngxvaundavrows of od.ragexup fvltune. ozvto uayt armx bgainstml sea ofntroublem aqd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdee to sl.egk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexztacee and the thousdsd gaturml shockn.
gen: 1495 fit: -65 chromo: to be pc not to bg dhat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaufda rows of od.ragexuh fvltune. o.eto jayt armp rgainstml sea ofntroublem aed by ospasiniwend them.vtogdie to slpegk no more. andnby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexgtacee and the thouswsd haturdl shockn.
gen: 1496 fit: -65 chromo: to be pc not to bs chat iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjete scffekk fhe slgngxvaundazrows of oduragexuh fvltune. ozoto tayt armd  gainstml sea ofntroublem a.d by osgisinklend them.vtogdze to slregk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz enk.btheohexztacee and the thoushsd gaturml shockn.
gen: 1497 fit: -65 chromo: to be sc not to bf chat iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjftu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundaqrows of od.ragexuh fvltune. o.kto .ayt arms  gainstml sea ofntroublem asd by ospisiniwend them.rtogdxe to sliegk no more. andnby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexxtacee and the thousvsd hatursl shockn.
gen: 1498 fit: -65 chromo: to be jc not to by chat iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjftu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundagrows of od.ragexuh fvltune. o.jto hayt arme ygainstml sea ofntroublem ahd by ospisiniwend them.rtogdre to sloegk no more. andnby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexitacee and the thousasd gaturul shockn.
gen: 1499 fit: -65 chromo: to be pc not to bw chat iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjete scffekk fhe slgngxvaundadrows of odiragexup fvltune. ozfto eayt armb ogainstml sea ofntroublem and by ospisinkwend them.vtogdte to slgegk no more. apdfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexztacee and the thoustsd gatur l shockn.
gen: 1500 fit: -65 chromo: to be yc not to bg chat iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjftu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundairows of od.ragexuh fvltune. o.ato vayt arml egainstml sea ofntroublem acd by ospisiniwend them.rtogdye to slxegk no more. andnby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexhtacee and the thousrsd haturil shockn.
gen: 1501 fit: -65 chromo: to be dc not to bc chat iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjftu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundaerows of od.ragexuh fvltune. o.pto xayt armh zgainstml sea ofntroublem add by ospisiniwend them.rtogdje to slcegk no more. andnby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexvtacee and the thoushsd haturwl shockn.
gen: 1502 fit: -65 chromo: to be pc not to bj dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler an tje dinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundaarows of od.ragexup fvltune. ozoto uayt armn againstml sea ofntroublem add by ospisinkwend them.vtogdue to slteok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexytacee and the thousisd gaturrl shockn.
gen: 1503 fit: -65 chromo: to be pc not to bh dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundaatows of od.ragexup fvltune. ozmto aayt armw rgainstml sea ofntroublem aid by ospisinkwend them.vtogdue to slneok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohevgtacee and the thousvsd gaturgl shockn.
gen: 1504 fit: -65 chromo: to bm pc not to ba chat iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjete scffekk fhe slgngxvaundayrows of odfragexup fvltune. ozzto cayt arm. qgainstml sea ofntroublem aed by ospisinkwend them.vtogdce to sloegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexz.acee and the thoushsd gaturdl shockn.
gen: 1505 fit: -65 chromo: to be pc not to bo dhat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaufdanrows of od.ragexuh fvltune. o.jto hayt armd fgainstml sea ofntroublem a.d by ospasiniwend them.vtogdke to slkegk no more. andnby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexgtacee and the thous sd haturil shockn.
gen: 1506 fit: -65 chromo: to be pc not to bm chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjete scffekk fhe slgngxvaundabrows of odpragexuh fvltune. ozlto zayt arml fgainstml sea ofntroublem afd by ospisiniwend them.vtogdje to slmegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohevztacee and the thousrsd gaturjl shockn.
gen: 1507 fit: -65 chromo: to be pc not to bo dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundacrows of od.ragexup fvltune. oznto xayt armi zgainstml sea ofntroublem axd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdge to slceok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexwtacee and the thoususd gaturdl shockn.
gen: 1508 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bg dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundalrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o. to layt armx ngainstml sea ofntroublem apd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdme to slpeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexhtacee and the thousisd haturyl shockn.
gen: 1509 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bc dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundahrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.zto yayt armo tgainstml sea ofntroublem avd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdge to slzeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexhtacee and the thousjsd haturxl shockn.
gen: 1510 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bg dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundabrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.dto oayt armf rgainstml sea ofntroublem aid by ospasinkwend them.vtogdze to slfeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexatacee and the thoushsd haturhl shockn.
gen: 1511 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to be dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundayrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.eto eayt armo rgainstml sea ofntroublem ahd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdre to slxeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexxtacee and the thousfsd haturql shockn.
gen: 1512 fit: -65 chromo: to be ac not to bp chat iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjftu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundaprows of od.ragexuh fvltune. o.wto .ayt armz xgainstml sea ofntroublem ard by ospisiniwend them.rtogdhe to slqegk no more. andnby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexmtacee and the thousbsd haturkl shockn.
gen: 1513 fit: -65 chromo: to be  c not to bm chat iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaundawrows of od.ragexupkfvltune. oznto payt armo qgainstml sea ofntroublem atd by ospisinkwend them.rtogdfe to slkeok no more. andnby m sleep to sdy wz eno.btheohexstacee and the thousdsd hatur l shockn.
gen: 1514 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bx dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundanrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.cto wayt armc ugainstml sea ofntroublem aid by ospasinkwend them.vtogdse to slyeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohex tacee and the thoususd haturcl shockn.
gen: 1515 fit: -65 chromo: to be pc not to bt dhat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaufdalrows of ob.ragexup fvltune. ozgto sayt armo kgainstnl sea ofntroublem avd by ospisinixend them.vtogdqe to sljeok no more. andfby m sleep to sly wz eno.btheohexktacee and the thousfsd gaturel shockn.
gen: 1516 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to ba dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundarrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.hto .ayt arms .gainstml sea ofntroublem aod by ospasinkwend them.vtogdre to slmeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexqtacee and the thousbsd hatur.l shockn.
gen: 1517 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bp dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundaorows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.eto mayt armr igainstml sea ofntroublem afd by ospasinkwend them.vtogd.e to sl.eok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexutacee and the thousnsd haturll shockn.
gen: 1518 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bf that iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .poler in tje cinjete sdffekk fhe slgngxvaufdawrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.xto qayt armz qgainstml sea ofntroubkem atd by ospisinixend them.utogd e to sljegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexztacee and the thousasd haturyl shockn.
gen: 1519 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bi that iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .poler in tje cinjete sdffekk fhe slgngxvaufdacrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.vto xayt arma qgainstml sea ofntroubkem agd by ospisinixend them.utogdke to slnegk no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexztacee and the thousnsd haturkl shockn.
gen: 1520 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bq dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundawrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.qto nayt armr qgainstml sea ofntroublem aqd by ospasinkwend them.vxogdne to slseok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexdtacee and the thoushsd haturgl shockn.
gen: 1521 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bi dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaunda rows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.cto oayt armw lgainstml sea ofntroublem amd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdce to slpeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexztacfe and the thouspsd haturjl shockn.
gen: 1522 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bl dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundaorows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.ito bayt armd pgainstml sea ofntroublem amd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdje to sloeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexztacfe and the thouspsd haturyl shockn.
gen: 1523 fit: -65 chromo: to be pc not to bp dhat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu scffekk fhe slgngxvaufdanrows of ob.ragexup fvltune. oztto kayt armq bgainstnl sea ofntroublem avd by ospisinixend them.vtogdge to sljeok no more. andfby m sleep to sly wz eno.btheohexjtacee and the thousmsd gaturml shockn.
gen: 1524 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bm dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundafrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.jto qayt armp egainstml sea ofntroublem amd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdae to slkeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexztacfe and the thouspsd haturjl shockn.
gen: 1525 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bz chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftv scffekk fhe slgngxvaufdawrows of ob.ragexup fvjtune. oz.to eayt armw dgainstml sea ofntroublem avd by ospasinkxend them.vtogdee to slqeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexitacee and the thousisd haturzl shockn.
gen: 1526 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bl chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftv scffekk fhe slgngxvaufdafrows of ob.ragexup fvjtune. ozhto kayt armc cgainstml sea ofntroublem aod by ospasinkxend them.vtogdbe to slteok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexztacee and the thousdsd haturrl shockn.
gen: 1527 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bw chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftv scffekk fhe slgngxvaufdakrows of ob.ragexup fvjtune. ozsto zayt armf qgainstml sea ofntroublem abd by ospasinkxend them.vtogdhe to slfeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexbtacee and the thouszsd haturrl shockn.
gen: 1528 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to be dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundanrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.ito jayt armk ugainstml sea ofntroublem amd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdne to slleok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexztacfe and the thouspsd haturll shockn.
gen: 1529 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to b  chat iszthe quejtio..vwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjbtv scffekk fhe slgngxvavndacrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.zto oayt armz zgainstml sea ofntroublem abd by ospasiniwend them.vtogdme to slbeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexutacee and the thousqsd haturml shockn.
gen: 1530 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bn chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftv scffekk fhe slgngxvaufdaprows of ob.ragexup fvjtune. ozsto cayt armc qgainstml sea ofntroublem apd by ospasinkxend them.vtogdke to sloeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexntacee and the thousfsd haturrl shockn.
gen: 1531 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bl dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundaqrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.ito bayt armg rgainstml.sea ofntroublem atd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdxe to slgeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexltacee and the thousssd hatural shockn.
gen: 1532 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bm chat iszthe quejtioz.kwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngvvaundaurows of od.ragexup fvltuna. o.mto xayt armp ggainstml sea ofntroublem add by ospasiniwend them.vtogdfe to slueok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexbtacee and the thousmtd haturjl shockn.
gen: 1533 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bd dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundairows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.pto kayt armf rgainstml sea ofntroublem aid by ospasinkwend them.vtogdce to slkeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexrtacee and the thoustsd haturyl shockn.
gen: 1534 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bl dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundamrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.yto wayt arms xgainstml sea ofntroublem avd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdce to slmeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexotacee and the thousmsd haturll shockn.
gen: 1535 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bz chat iszthe quebtio..uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundairows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.xto wayt armn ygainstnl sea ofntroublem akd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdae to sl.eok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexptacee and the thous sd hatural shockn.
gen: 1536 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bh dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundazrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.cto nayt armd fgainstml sea ofntroublem amd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdfe to slseok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexztacfe and the thouspsd hatural shockn.
gen: 1537 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bg dhat iszthe quejtio..uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetv scffekk fhe slgngvvaundaprows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.qto zayt armc ggainstml sea ofntroublem add by ospasiniwend them.vtogdle to slfeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohex.tacee and the thoushsd hatur.l shockn.
gen: 1538 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bb chat iszthe quebtio..uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundakrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.tto hayt armv xgainstnl sea ofntroublem acd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdte to slfeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexttacee and the thousrsd haturgl shockn.
gen: 1539 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to be dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundaorows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.yto .ayt armw qgainstml sea ofntroublem atd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdbe to slteok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexutacee and the thousvsd haturrl shockn.
gen: 1540 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to by dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tne cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundairows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.fto dayt armw rgainstml sea ofntroublem a.d by ospasinkwend them.vtogdle to slbeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexitacee and the thousgsd haturgl shockn.
gen: 1541 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to b  dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tne cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundazrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.fto cayt arme jgainstml sea ofntroublem ajd by ospasinkwend them.vtogd.e to slmeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexftacee and the thousesd haturnl shockn.
gen: 1542 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bo chat iszthe quebtio..uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundadrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.fto rayt armp .gainstnl sea ofntroublem axd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdbe to slmeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexitacee and the thouscsd haturtl shockn.
gen: 1543 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bs chat iszthe quebtio..uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundatrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.oto gayt armj jgainstnl sea ofntroublem ald by ospasinkwend them.vtogdve to slzeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexytacee and the thousnsd haturwl shockn.
gen: 1544 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bf dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundamrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.eto oayt armn rgainstml sea ofntroublem ayd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdge to slweok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexmtacee and the thous sd haturol shockn.
gen: 1545 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bf dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundarrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.jto dayt armr kgainstml sea ofntroublem aod by ospasinkwend them.vtogdee to sl.eok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohex.tacee and the thousisd haturhl shockn.
gen: 1546 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bj chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftv sdffekk fhe slgngxvaufdanrows of ob.ragexup fvltune. ozzto xayt armg wgainstml sea ofntroublem aud by ospasinkxend them.vtogdye to slqeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexotacee and the thousasd haturrl shockf.
gen: 1547 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to b  dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhe.her tis .ooler in tje cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundaqrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.lto tayt army wgainstml sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdfe to slqeok no more. andfby e sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexttacee and the thouslsd haturgl shockn.
gen: 1548 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bc chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftv sdffekk fhe slgngxvaufdaxrows of od.ragetup fvltune. o.jto cayt armb kgainstml sea offtroublem aud by ospisinkwend them.vtogdve to slkeok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.btheohex tacfe and the thousbsd haturdl shockn.
gen: 1549 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bg dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundayrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.ato vayt armc ogainstml sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdve to slheok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexttacee and the thousdsd haturzl shockn.
gen: 1550 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bx dhat iszthe quejtio..uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundazrows of od.ragexup fvptune. o.eto cayt armq mgainstml sea ofntroublem akd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdne to slkeok no more. andhby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohex.tacee and the thoususd hatursl shockn.
gen: 1551 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bz dhat iszthe quebtio..uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetv scffekk fhe slgngvvaundatrows of od.ragexup fvptune. ozpto fayt armf ygainstml sea ofntroublem akd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdoe to slaeok no more. andhby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexptacee and the thouszsd hatursl shockn.
gen: 1552 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bh chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftv sdffekk fhe slgngxvaufdafrows of ob.ragexup fvltune. ozpto nayt armq  gainstml sea ofntroublem akd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdke to slmeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohex tacfe and the thousksd haturnl shockn.
gen: 1553 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bv chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftv sdffekk fhe slgngxvaufdamrows of ob.ragexup fvltune. ozqto nayt armw jgainstml sea ofntroublem aed by ospisinkwend them.vtogdae to slfeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexotacfe and the thousisd haturll shockn.
gen: 1554 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to b. dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tne cinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundatrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.ito dayt armf vgainstml sea ofntroublem akd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdpe to slseok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohex.tacee and the thoususd haturkl shockn.
gen: 1555 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bh dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cifzetv scffekk fhe slgngxvadfdahrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.cto iayt armw ygainstml sea ofntroublem ayd by ospasinkxend them.vtogdme to sldeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexrtacee and the thousrsd haturol shockn.
gen: 1556 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bs dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftv scffekk ehe slgngxvaufdasrows of od.ragetup fvltune. o.nto qayt arms  gainstml sma ofntroublem amd by ospisinkwend them.vtoedvekto slteok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.btheohexztacee and the thousbsd hatursl shockn.
gen: 1557 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bb chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftv sdffekk fhe slgngxvaufdabrows of od.ragetup fvltune. o.rto payt armk ggainstml sea ofjtroublem acd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdze to slueok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.btheohexztacfe and the thousesd hatural shockn.
gen: 1558 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bc dhat iszthe quejtio..uwhether tis .ooler in tne dinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundafrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.nto cayt armd hgainstml sea ofntrowblem aud by ospasinkwend them.vtogdye to slaeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexxtacee and the thousxsd haturbl shockp.
gen: 1559 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bw dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundadrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.cto hayt armk againstml sea ofntroublem asd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdqe to slveok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexatacee and the thousgsd haturcl shockn.
gen: 1560 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bg dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundaxrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o. to nayt arme vgainstml sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdse to slbeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexetacee and the thous sd haturbl shockn.
gen: 1561 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to b. dhat iszthe quebtio..uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundarrows of od.ragexup fvptune. o.yto gayt armr ogainstml sea ofntroublem aid by ospasinkwend them.vtogd.e to slieok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexstacee and the thousbsd hatur l shockn.
gen: 1562 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bf chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftv sdffekk fhe slgngxvaufdarrows of od.ragetup fvltune. o.wto yayt armk dgainstml sea ofptroublem aad by ospisinkwend them.vtogdse to sleeok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.btheohexatacfe and the thousnsd haturbl shockn.
gen: 1563 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to b  dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdavrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.bto hazt armp zgainstmk sea ofntroublem acd by ospisinkwend them.vtogd e to slreok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexhtacee and the thousnsd haturjl shockn.
gen: 1564 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bm dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufda rows of odtragexup fvltune. o.rto yazt arma ngainstmk sea ofntroublem a d by ospisinkwend them.vtogdxe to slzeok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexktacee and the thouszsd haturnl shockn.
gen: 1565 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bz chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftv sdffekk fhe slgngxvaufda rows of od.ragetup fvltune. o.oto xayt armp hgainstml sea ofdtroublem azd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdae to slleok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.btheohexutacfe and the thousbsd haturml shockn.
gen: 1566 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bd dhat iszthe quebtio..uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundaerows of od.ragexup fvptune. o.dto cayt armb bgainstml sea ofntroublem aed by ospasinkwend them.vtogdte to sloeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexatacee and the thoususd haturzl shockn.
gen: 1567 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bm chat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftv sdffekk fhe slgngxvaufdaarows of od.ragetup fvltune. o.ato kayt arml kgainstml sea ofltroublem axd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdse to sl eok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.btheohexrtacfe and the thouswsd haturnl shockn.
gen: 1568 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bi dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdaerows of odtragexup fvltune. o.bto mazt armu xgainstmk sea ofntroublem axd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdhe to slfeok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexptacee and the thousxsd haturhl shockn.
gen: 1569 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to br chat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu sdffekk fhe slgngxvaundairows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.sto wayt armn fgainstmk sea ofntroublem and by ospisinkwend them.vtogdbe to slhekk no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.btheohexftacee and the thousbsd haturll shockn.
gen: 1570 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to br dhat iszthe quebtio..uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaundamrows of od.ragexup fvptune. o.fto yayt arme egainstml sea ofntroublem apd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdie to slxeok no more. andfby m sleep to sdy wy eno.btheohexqtacee and the thous sd haturql shockn.
gen: 1571 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to br chat iszthe quejtio..uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu sdffekl fhe slgngxvaumdatrows of od.ragexup fvltune. o.eto mayt armc qgainstmk sea ofntroublem atd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdce to slfekk no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.btheohexjtacee and the thousssd haturnl shockn.
gen: 1572 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to by dhat iszthe quebtio..uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinnetf scffekk ehe slgngxvaunda rows of odtragexup fvptune. o.yto hayt armc qgainstml sea ofntroublem amd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdbe to slweok no more. andeby m sleep to sbykwy eno.btheohexptacee and the thoustsd hatursl shockn.
gen: 1573 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to be dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjvtv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaundaerows of odtragexup fvltune. o. to zart arms hgainstmk sea ofntroublem amd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdae to sl.emk no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexmtacee and the thous sd haturml shockn.
gen: 1574 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bt dhat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje dinjetv scffekk fhe slgngxvaunda rows oe oltregexup fvptune. o.mto yayt armm ogainstml sea ofntroublem add by ospasinkwend them.utogdte to slheml no mmre. andhby m sleep to sly wy eno.btheohexitacee and the thousysd haturml shockm.
gen: 1575 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bo dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdalrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.pto tazt arm  vgainstmk sea ofntroublem and by ospisinkwend them.vtogdce to slaeok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexptacee and the thousesd haturfl shockn.
gen: 1576 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bl dhat isythe ruejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk fhe s.gngxvaujdadrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.lto zayt armk cgainstml sea ofwtroublem agd by ospisinkwend them.vtogd e to slueok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexytacee and the thousqsd haturbl shockn.
gen: 1577 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bj dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjvtv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaundajrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.xto wart armp ggainstmk sea ofntroublem avd by ospasinkwend them.vtogdhe to slvemk no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexgtacee and the thousmsd haturml shockn.
gen: 1578 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to be dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdajrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.lto yazt arma vgainstmk sea ofntroublem and by osbisinkwend them.vtogd e to sloeok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexqtacee and the thousssd haturll shockn.
gen: 1579 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bi dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdahrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.tto tazt armj againstmk sea ofntroublem aud by ospisinkwend them.vtogd.e to sleeok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexqtacee and the thousnsd haturfl shockn.
gen: 1580 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to be dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tju cinjvtv sdvfmkk fhe slgngxvaundairows of odtragexup fvltune. o.vto dazt armg bgainstmk sea ofntroublem ayd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdfe to sloemk no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexytacee and the thousssd haturdl shockn.
gen: 1581 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bl dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdaqrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.gto razt armb againstmk sea ofntroublem acd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdae to slleok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexwtacee and the thous.sd haturxl shockn.
gen: 1582 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bd dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdaerows of odtragexup fvltune. o.wto tazt armu mgainstmk sea ofntroublem aud by ospisinkwend them.vtogdxe to slueok no more. andfry m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexjtacee and the thouspsd haturol shockn.
gen: 1583 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bs dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdaqrows of odtragexup fvltune. o. to wazt arme qgainstmk sea ofntroublem and by ospisinkwend them.vtogdbe to sljeok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexctacee and the thouscsd haturkl shockn.
gen: 1584 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bi dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdamrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.zto iazt armx dgainstmk sea ofntroublem ajd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdme to slreok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexhtacee and the thousssd haturgl shockn.
gen: 1585 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bn dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufda.rows of odtragexup fvltune. o. to nazt armr zgainstmk sea ofntroublem azd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdke to slqeok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexdtacee and the thouszsd haturcl shockn.
gen: 1586 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to br dhat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetu sdffekk fhekslgngxxaumdafrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.zto vayt arma againstml sea ofntroublem ahd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdre to slqeok no more. andfby m sleep xo sby wy eno.btheohex.tacee and the thousfsd haturll shockn.
gen: 1587 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bf dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdaerows of odtragexup fvltune. o.eto qazt armh egainstmk sea ofntroublem add by ospisinkwend them.vtogdne to slaeok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexstacee and the thousfsd haturdl shockn.
gen: 1588 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bk dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufda rows of odtragexup fvltune. o..to uazt army igainstmk sea ofntroublem aod by ospisinkwend them.vtogdne to slreok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexgtacee and the thousqsd haturol shockn.
gen: 1589 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bd dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdasrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.jto pazt armo bgainstmk sea ofntroublem aod by ospisinkwend them.vtogdde to slleok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexjtacee and the thouscsd haturxl shockn.
gen: 1590 fit: -65 chromo: to be oa not to bz dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdaqrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.lto gazt armb sgainstmk sea ofntroublem ard by ospisinkwend them.vtogdte to slaeok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexotacee and the thousasd haturol shockn.
gen: 1591 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to bq dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdavrows of odtragexup fvltune. o. to dazt armk fgainstmk sea ofntroublem aed by ospisinkwend them.vtogdye to slgeok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexytacee and the thoustsd haturol shockn.
gen: 1592 fit: -65 chromo: to be oc not to ba dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdabrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.xto mazt arm   gainstmk sea ofntroublem aqd by ospisinkwend them.vtogd.e to slxeok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexrtacee and the thousfsd haturnl shockm.
gen: 1593 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bq dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdaurows of ottragexup fvltune. o.hto kazt armq  gainstmk sea ofntroublem aad by otpisinkwend them.vtogdpe to slceok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexktacee and the thouszsd haturdl shockn.
gen: 1594 fit: -64 chromo: to be oa not to b  dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdaxrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.kto oazt armn sgainstmk sea ofntroublem and by ospisinkwend them.vtogdde to slleok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexmtacee and the thousvsd hatur l shockn.
gen: 1595 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bn dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdakrows of ottragexup fvltune. o.pto fazt armd hgainstmk sea ofntroublem azd by otpisinkwend them.vtogdpe to sl eok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexptacee and the thousmsd haturpl shockn.
gen: 1596 fit: -64 chromo: to be oa not to bt dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slhngxvaufda rows of odtragexup fvltune. o.kto iazt arma rgainstmk sea ofntroublem aid by ospisinknend them.vtogdee to slweoi np more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexhtacae and the thousdsd haturhl shockm.
gen: 1597 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bo dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdaqrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.nto nazt arma tgainstmk sea ofntroublem aud by ospisinkwend them.vtogdoe to sl.eok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexotacee and the thoustsd haturjl shockn.
gen: 1598 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bt dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis qooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdaprows of odtragexup fvltune. o. to .azt armr ngainstmk sea ofntroublem abd by otpisinkrend them.vtogdpe to sl.eo  no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexttacee and the thousjsd haturhl shockn.
gen: 1599 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bh dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvavfdawrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.hto mazt armb kgainstmk sea ofntroublem ald by ospisinkwend them.vtogdce to slneok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexftacee and the thousdsd haturrl shockn.
gen: 1600 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to b. dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvavfdawrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.ito cazt armf egainstmk sea ofntroublem ahd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdfe to slyeok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexhtacee and the thousasd haturyl shockn.
gen: 1601 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bl dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis qooler in tje cinjetv sdffgkk ehe slgngxvaufda rows of odtragexup fvltune. o.qto yazt armk fgainstmk sea ofntroublem a d by otpisinkwend them.vtogdpe to slmeo  no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexgtacee and the thousysd haturol shockw.
gen: 1602 fit: -64 chromo: to be oa not to bv dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdagrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.nto aazt armo lgainstmk sea ofntroublem ahd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdfe to slmeok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexrtacee and the thouslsd haturjl shockn.
gen: 1603 fit: -64 chromo: to be oa not to be dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdaorows of odtragexup fvltune. o.cto hazt armk pgainstmk sea ofntroublem azd by ospisinkwend them.vtohdoe to sl.eok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.athekhexztacee and the thousfsd ha.urfl shockj.
gen: 1604 fit: -64 chromo: to be oa not to bq dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdabrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.jto oazt army vgainstmk sea ofntroublem apd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdde to slneok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexhtacee and the thouswsd haturdl shockn.
gen: 1605 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to by dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdahrows of ottragexup fvltune. o.qto aazd armn hgainstmk sea ofrtroublem ajd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdze to sljeok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.athekhexgtacee and the thous sd haturzl shockn.
gen: 1606 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bi dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvavfdahrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.dto lazt armh pgainstmk sea ofntroublem acd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdoe to slieok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexjtacee and the thoustsd haturkl shockn.
gen: 1607 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bo dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinletv sdffekk ghe slengxvaufda.rows of odtragexup fvltune. o. to jazt armm ugainstmk sea ofntrmublem apd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdwe to slheok no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexttacee and the thous sd haturul shocko.
gen: 1608 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bk dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis iooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdaprows of odtragexup fvltune. o.cto sazt armf egainstmk sea ofntroublem avd by otpisinkkend them.vtogdpe to sloeo  no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexatacee and the thous.sd haturol shockq.
gen: 1609 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bt dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ohe slgngxvavfdacrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.wto fazt armn cgainstmk sea ofntroublem axd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdde to sl.eok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy epo.bthekhexftacee and the thousssd hatur l shockn.
gen: 1610 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bp dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis jooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ehe slgngxvaufdaqrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.kto tazt armg ngainstmk sea ofntroublem azd by otpisinktend them.vtogdpe to sleeo  no more. andfby m sleep to sby wy eno.bthekhexdtacee and the thousisd haturol shockb.
gen: 1611 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bn dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdarrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.uto jazt armq sgainstmk sea ofntroublem asd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdke to sl.eok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.bthekhexatacee and the thousesd hatur l shockn.
gen: 1612 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bh dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdayrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.pto pazt armt .gainstmk sea ofrtroublem a d by ospisinkwend them.vtogdze to slkeok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athekhexttacee and the thousmsd haturnl shockn.
gen: 1613 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bm dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdaorows of odtragewup fvltune. o.uto kazt armb againstmk sea ofmtroublem aid by ospisinkwend them.vtogdee to slueok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athekhexttacee and the thousasd haturjl shockn.
gen: 1614 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to br dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdaqrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.pto jazt arms cgainstmk sea ofwtroublem add by ospisinkwend them.vtogdbe to slseok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athekhexutacee and the thousisd haturil shockn.
gen: 1615 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bl dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdazrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.ito .azt armn cgainstmk sea ofktroublem apd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdre to slheok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athekhexqtacee and the thousksd haturpl shockn.
gen: 1616 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bp dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdalrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.ito uazt armx fgainstmk sea ofttroublem and by ospisinkwend them.vtogdie to slseok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athekhex.tacee and the thoustsd haturel shockn.
gen: 1617 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bn dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdafrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.nto oazt army ngainstmk sea ofrtroublem abd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdue to sl.eok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athekhexatacee and the thousmsd haturvl shockn.
gen: 1618 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to br dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdanrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.dto jazt arms lgainstmk sea ofntroublem ald by ospisinkwend them.vtogdde to slteol no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.bthekhexctacee and the thouscsd haturol shockn.
gen: 1619 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to b  dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdaorows of odtragexup fvltune. o.nto jazt armp vgainstmk sea ofntroublem aed by ospisinkwend them.vtogdge to slpeol no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.bthekhexitacee and the thousvsd haturgl shockn.
gen: 1620 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bo dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdawrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.eto tazt armi ggainstmk sea ofptroublem aod by ospisinkwend them.vtogdae to slmeok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athekhexstacee and the thoustsd haturml shockn.
gen: 1621 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bl dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfda.rows of odtragewup fvltune. o.fto jazt arm. zgainstmk sea ofjtroublem akd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdoe to slreok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athekhexutacee and the thousksd haturvl shockn.
gen: 1622 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bu dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdaarows of odtragexup fvltune. o.tto pazt armb egainstmk sea ofntroublem aed by ospisinkwend them.vtogdde to slpeok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.bthekhexitacee and the thousisd haturtl shockn.
gen: 1623 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to by dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdaqrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.vto xazt armg  gainstmk sea ofetroublem ald by ospisinkwend them.vtogdje to slteok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athekhexvtacee and the thouspsd haturdl shockn.
gen: 1624 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to be dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdacrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.sto cazt armh tgainstmk sea ofntroublem aid by ospisinkwend them.vtogdre to sloeol no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.bthekhexttacee and the thousjsd hatur.l shockn.
gen: 1625 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bu dhat iszthe quejtiok.wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdaarows ofyodtragewup fv.tune. o.ato nazt armc bgainstmk sea ofxtroublem ayd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdbe to slneok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athekhexatacee and she thouswsd haturll shockm.
gen: 1626 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bf dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdahrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.dto jazt armt ogainstmk sea ofbtroublem aid by ospisinkwend them.vtogd e to slqeok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athekhexbtacee and the thous sd haturol shockn.
gen: 1627 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bk dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdayrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.pto gazt arms jgainstmk sea ofntroublem and by ospisinkwend them.vtogdpe to sl.eol no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.bthekhexdtacee and the thous sd haturcl shockn.
gen: 1628 fit: -64 chromo: to be ocsnot to bg dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdairows of odtragewup fvltune. o.yto xazt armj kgainstmk sea ofutroublem afd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdwe to sleeok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athekhexrtacee and the thouspsd haturol shockn.
gen: 1629 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bz dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdaorows of odtragewup fvltune. o.pto zazt armp ugainstmk sea ofutroublem apd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdfe to slveok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athekhexntacee and the thouswsd haturgl shockn.
gen: 1630 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to by dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdazrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.pto xazt armr ngainstmk sea ofntroublem aud by ospisinkwend them.vtogd.e to slyeol no more. andfby m sleep to say wz eno.bthekhexytacee and the thouswsd gaturgl shockn.
gen: 1631 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bd dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdagrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.pto uazt armr  gainstmk sea ofntroublem akd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdbe to sl eol no more. andfby m sleep to say wz eno.bthekhexbtacee and the thoushsd gaturhl shockn.
gen: 1632 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to b  dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slcngxvavfdazrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.xto oazt arme egainstmk sea ofotroublem awd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdle to sljeok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athekhexftacee and the thous.sd hatural shockn.
gen: 1633 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to by dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slcngxvavfdairows of odtragewup fvltune. o.eto sazt armf jgainstmk sea ofstroublem aad by ospisinkwend them.vtogdne to slkeok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athekhexdtacee and the thousisd haturbl shockn.
gen: 1634 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bu dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdadrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.ito aazt armb ngainstmk sea ofntroublem add by ospisinkwend them.vtogdte to slgeol no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.bthekhex.tacee and the thouspsd haturrl shockn.
gen: 1635 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bg dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdairows of odtragexup fvltune. o.oto razt armi zgainstmk sea ofntroublem ajd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdpe to slxeol no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.bthekhexftacee and the thoushsd haturhl shockn.
gen: 1636 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bq dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdasrows of odtragewup fvltune. o..to .azt armq egainstmk sea ofbtroublem aad by ospisinkwend them.vtogdme to slyeok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athekhexytacee and the thousrsd haturnl shockn.
gen: 1637 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to b. dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdadrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.rto zazt arma bgainstmk sea ofntroublem abd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdze to slveol no more. andfby m sleep to say wz eno.bthekhexjtacee and the thouszsd gaturel shockn.
gen: 1638 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bu dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdaprows of odtragewup fvltune. o.fto bazt arms kgainstmk sea ofttroublem aed by ospisinkwend them.vtogd e to slaeok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athekhexptacee and the thoushsd haturnl shockn.
gen: 1639 fit: -64 chromo: to be od not to bd dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slcngxvavfdawrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.tto vazt armg sgainstmk sea ofgtroublem axd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdje to slyeok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athekhexmtacee and the thousqsd haturql shockn.
gen: 1640 fit: -64 chromo: to be od not to bi dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slcngxvavfdagrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.vto jazt armi ogainstmk sea ofdtroublem aod by ospisinkwend them.vtogdce to sldeok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athekhexotacee and the thoususd hatur l shockn.
gen: 1641 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to ba dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slcngxvavfdacrows of odtragewup fvltune. o ito jazt armb xgainstmk sea ofotroublem ajd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdye to slyeok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexatacee and the thousgsd haturil shockn.
gen: 1642 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bo dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdavrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.wto nazt armw ugainstmk sea ofltroublem ahd by ospisinkwend them.vsogdye to sltegk no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.bthekhexctacee and the thousbsd heturrl shockn.
gen: 1643 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bc dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slcngxvavfdaarows of odtragewup fvltune. o..to aazt armk  gainstmk sea ofotroublem aad by ospisinkwend them.vtogdye to sljeol no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athekhexttacee and the thousssd haturel shockf.
gen: 1644 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bs dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slcngxvavfdacrows of odtragewup fvltune. o mto nazt armx bgainstmk sea offtroublem agd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdze to slfeok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexutacee and the thousjsd haturfl shockn.
gen: 1645 fit: -64 chromo: to be oc not to bu dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slcngxvavfdakrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.oto kazt armw mgainstmk sea ofvtroublem add by ospisinkwend them.vtogdne to slreol no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexxtacee and the thoustsd haturol shockf.
gen: 1646 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bg dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slcngxvavfdanrows of odtragewup fvltune. o cto wazt arm   gainstmk sea ofwtroublem ald by ospisinkwend them.vtogdee to slaeok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexitacee and the thousgsd haturtl shockn.
gen: 1647 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bf dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfhavrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.xto dazt arm  ygainstmk sea ofwtroublem asd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdoe to sloegk no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexdtacee and the thousxsd haturbl shockn.
gen: 1648 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to by dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfhaarows of odtragewup fvltune. o.tto fazt arme vgainstmk sea ofjtroublem asd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdhe to slbegk no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexptacee and the thousssd hatursl shockn.
gen: 1649 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bd dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfhaprows of odtragewup fvltune. o.lto xazt armb cgainstmk sea offtroublem ajd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdxe to slpegk no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexutacee and the thousosd haturvl shockn.
gen: 1650 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bh dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slcngxvavfhavrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.ato tazt armo dgainstmk sea ofjtroublfm axd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdqe to slsegk no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexdtacee and the thousysd haturdl shockn.
gen: 1651 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bb dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfhaorows of odtragewup fvltune. o.oto aazt arml sgainstmk sea ofjtroublem aod by ospisinkwend them.vtogd.e to sllegk no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexwtacee and the thousfsd haturml shockn.
gen: 1652 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bg dhat iszthe quejtio .gwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetn sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfhalrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.bto razt arm  ggainctmk sea of troublem a.d by ospisinkwend them.vtogd e to slxegk no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.ethe hexltacee and the thousqsd haturhl shockn.
gen: 1653 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to br dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis tooler in tje ginjetv sdffekk ghe slcngxnavfhadrows of odtragexup fvltune. o.kto  azt arm. ugbinstmk sea ofutroublem ald by ospisinkwend them.rtogdze to sllepk no more. andeby m sleep to say wy eno.athekhexbtacee and the thouspsd haturll shockn.
gen: 1654 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bg dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfha rows of odtragewup fvltune. o.dto eazt armo ogainstmk sea ofctroublem akd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdye to slyegk no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexytacee and the thousssd haturol shockn.
gen: 1655 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bb that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje ginjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfhaxrows of odtragewuo fvltune. o.jto qayt armm ugainstmk sea ofvtroublem and by ospisinkwend them.vtogdhe to slzegk no more. andeby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexntacee.and the thoustsd haturyl shockn.
gen: 1656 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bn dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slcngxvavfdakrows of odtragewup fvltune. o mto gazt armm xgainstmk sea ofctroublem aed by ospisinkwend them.vtogdfe to slneok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexntacee and the thoususd haturcl shockn.
gen: 1657 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to b  dhat.iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slcngxvavfdamrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.rto razt armj ngainstmk sea ofvtroublem atd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdde to slfeok no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexltacee and the thousrsd haturkl shockn.
gen: 1658 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bk dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfhadrows of odtragewuo fvltune. o fto qazt armk ogainstmk sea ofwtroublem ayd by ospisinkwend them.vtogd.e to slueok no more. andaby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexbtacee and the thousfsd hatural shockn.
gen: 1659 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bd dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slcngxvavfdanrows of odtragewup fvltune. o xto dazt armn wgainstmk sea ofqtroublem ahd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdee to slceok no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexhtacee and the thoususd haturrl shockn.
gen: 1660 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to b. dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfhanrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.xto razt armf vgainstmk sea ofxtroublem ahd by ospisinkwend them.vtogd e to sliegk no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexrtacee and the thousgsd haturkl shockn.
gen: 1661 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bh dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfhafrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.rto  azt army zgainstmk sea ofetroublem a.d by ospisinkwend them.vtogd.e to slfegk no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexytacee and the thous sd haturil shockn.
gen: 1662 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bo dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slcngxvavfdaprows of odtragewup fvltune. o.sto oazt army ngainstmk sea ofvtroublem a.d by ospisinkwend them.vtogdme to sldeol no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexmtacee and the thoususd haturkl shockf.
gen: 1663 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bf dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfhatrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.cto uazt armn hgainstmk sea ofotroublem atd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdke to slbegk no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexxtacee and the thousbsd haturml shockn.
gen: 1664 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bb dhat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfhadrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.tto bazt armk vgainstmk sea ofmtroublem add by o pisinkwend them.vtogdee to sldegk no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexptacee and the thouswsd haturfl shockn.
gen: 1665 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bz dhat iszthe quebtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngvvavfhayrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.dto vazt arml againstmk sea ofatroublem ahd by o pisinkwend them.vtogdge to slxegk no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexptacee and the thousqsd haturdl shockn.
gen: 1666 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bm dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftv sdffekk ghe slcngxvavfdaurows of odtragewup fvltune. o.vto oazt armi zgainstmk sea ofvtroublem ard by ospisinkwend them.vtogdue to slbeol no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexftacee and the thousmsd haturil shockf.
gen: 1667 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bn dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftv sdffekk ghe slcngxvavfdalrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.qto razt armo mgainstmk sea ofvtroublem amd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdve to slheol no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hex tacee and the thousosd hatural shockf.
gen: 1668 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bz dhat iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje ginjetv sdffekk ghe slcngxvavfdawrows of odtragewup fvltune. o nto wazt arms ugainstmk sea ofrtroublem ard by ospisinkwend them.vtogdie to sl eol no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.cthe hexvticee and the thousosd hatural shockn.
gen: 1669 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to b  dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfhajrows of odtragexup fvltune. o ito  azt armk igainstmk sea ofmtroublem ajd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdfe to sl.eg. no morh. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexltacae and the thoususd hatur l shgckf.
gen: 1670 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bc dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhethar tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfhahrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.zto fazt armx qgainstmk sea ofttroublem aod by ospisinkwend them.vtogdpe to slseg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hex.tacee and the thous sd gatur l shockf.
gen: 1671 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bh dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfhadrows of obtragewuz fvltune. o.jto uazt armm egainstmk sea ofktroublem amd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdce to slregk no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexhtacee and the thous sd haturml shockn.
gen: 1672 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bt dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfhaerows of odtragewuo fvltune. o ato bazt armg rgainstmk sea ofjtroublem aud by ospisinkwend them.vtogdze to slseok no more. andaby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexrtacee and the thous sd haturzl shockn.
gen: 1673 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bs dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfhaurows of odtragewup fvltune. o.xto hazt armg pgainstmk sea ofktroublem a d by ospisinkwend them.vtogdue to slsegk no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexhtacee and the thousysd haturfl shockn.
gen: 1674 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bt that iszthe quejtio .wwhethez tis .ogler in tbe cinjftv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfdahrows of odtrcgewup fvltune. o.jto mazt armp ggainstmk sea ofgtrouflen ayd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdbe ro sliegk no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexjtacee and the thouszsd haturcl shockf.
gen: 1675 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bc dhat iszthe quebtio .uwhethar tis .ooler in tje cinjatv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfhalrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.mto uazt armq dgainstmk sea ofdtroublem ahd by o pisinkwend them.vtogdte to slseg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexrtacee and the thouszsd gatural shockf.
gen: 1676 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bd dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfha rows of obtragewuo fvltune. o.qto xazt armw fgainstmk sea ofetroublem acd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdke to slceok no more. andaby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexatacee and the thousdsd haturvl shockn.
gen: 1677 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bm dhat iszthe quejtio .uwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfhairows of odtragewuo fvltune. o vto dazt armd vgainstmk sea ofztroublem akd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdpe to slkeok no more. andaby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hex.tacee and the thousasd haturhl shockn.
gen: 1678 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to by that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .oolar in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdazrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.sto aazt armo dgainstmk sea ofvtroublem aud by ospysinkwend them.vtogdpe to slneg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexgtacee and the thousqsd haturzl shockn.
gen: 1679 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to by dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetr sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfhadrows of obtragewuo fvltune. o.mto eazt armk againstmk sea ofztroublem ajd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdre to slkegk no more. andaby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexytacee and the thousksd haturpl shockn.
gen: 1680 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bc dhat iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjetv sdffekk ghe slgngxvavfhafrows of obtragewu  fvltune. o.pto wazt army .gainstmk sea ofytroublem a.d by ospisinkwend them.vtogdhe to sl.egk no more. andfby m sleep to say wy eno.athe hexstacee and the thouslsd haturhl shockn.
gen: 1681 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to b  that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .oolar in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdazrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.xto jazt armv .gainstmk sea ofvtroublem ahd by ospysinkwend them.vtogdve to slseg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexwtacee and the thouslsd haturgl shockn.
gen: 1682 fit: -62 chromo: to be oc not to bw that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .oolar in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdaxrows of odtragewup fvltune. o..to wazt arm. igainstmk sea ofvtroublem ahd by ospysinkwend them.vtogd e to slmeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexvtacee and the thousxsd haturpl shockn.
gen: 1683 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to ba that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .oolar in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfda rows of odtragewup fvltune. o.cto cazt armi ugainstmk sea ofvtroublem add by ospysinkwend them.vtogdhe to sljeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexltacee and the thousasd hatur.l shockn.
gen: 1684 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bp that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .oolar in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdajrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.kto mazt armd kgainstmk sea ofvtroublem aed by ospysinkwend them.vtogdxe to sl.eg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexntacee and the thousvsd haturul shockn.
gen: 1685 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to b  that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdadrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.ato yazt armz egainstml sea ofvtroublem afd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdue to sl.eg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexatacee and the thousisd haturxl shockn.
gen: 1686 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to be that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdakrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.bto  azt arm  againstml sea ofvtroublem acd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdwe to slfeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexgtacee and the thousmsd haturvl shockn.
gen: 1687 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bs that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .oplar in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdaprows of odtragewup fvltune. o.tto bazt armj tgainstml sea ofrtroublem add by ospysinkwend them.vtogdde to slweg. no more. andfby m sleup to say wr eno.athe hexitacee and the thousjsd haturpl shockn.
gen: 1688 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bn that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .oolar in tje cinjetr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdacrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.rto tazt armq dgainstml sea ofrtroublem agd by ospisinkwend them.vtogdke to slaeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe heh tacee and the thousbsd hatur l shockn.
gen: 1689 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to br that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdahrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.hto bazt armj kgainstml sea ofvtroublem atd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdoe to slieg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexutacee and the thousosd haturhl shockn.
gen: 1690 fit: -61 chromo: to be od not to bi that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .oolar in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe slhngxvavfdaqrows of octragewup fvltune. o.vto  azt armh ygainstmk sea ofjtroublem awd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdde to slqeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexgtacee and the thousnsd hatur.l shockn.
gen: 1691 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bs that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdawrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.qto aazt armr vgainstmk sea ofvtroublem ald by o pysinkwend them.vtogd e to skzeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexxtacee and the thousksd haturql shockn.
gen: 1692 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to b. that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdafrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.sto gazt armp  gainstmk sea ofvtroublem aid by o pysinkwend them.vtogdye to skgeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexutacee and the thousnsd hatur l shockn.
gen: 1693 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to by that iszthe quejtio .gwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftz sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdafrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.xtg fazt arml fgainstmk sea ofvtroublem acd by o pysinkwend them.rtogd e to sljeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.ithe hexmtacee and the thousutd gaturdl shockn.
gen: 1694 fit: -61 chromo: to be od not to be that issthe quejtio .wwhether tis .oolar in tje cinjftr sdffe k ghe sldngxvavfdaprows of octragewup fvltune. oznto uazd armq ggainstmk sea of.troublem amd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdre to slyec. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexdtacee and the thous.td haturtl shockn.
gen: 1695 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bo that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdaorows of odtragewup fvltune. o.xto yazt arm  zgainstml sea ofvtroublem a.d by otpysinkwend them.vtogdve to slbeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexktacee and the thousjsd hatursl shockn.
gen: 1696 fit: -61 chromo: to be od not to bd that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .oolar in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe slhngxvavfdalrows of octragewup fvltune. o.nto tazt armr bgainstmk sea ofrtroublem akd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdpe to slteg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexrtacee and the thousesd haturhl shockn.
gen: 1697 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bh that.iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tne cinjetr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfda.rows of odtrageiup fvltune. o.hto vazt armc kgainstmk sea ofvtroublem aid by ospysinkwend them.vtogdve to slieg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexjtacee and the thousltd gaturyl shockn.
gen: 1698 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bt that iszthe queitio .wwhetxer tis .oolbr in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe slhngxvavfdavrows of octragewup fvltune. o.wto oazt armm ggainstml sea ofqtroublem abd by o pysinkwend them.vtogdee to slheo. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hehwtacee and the thousotd haturml shockn.
gen: 1699 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bh that iszthe queitio .wwhetxer tis .oolbr in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe slhngxvavfda.rows of octragewup fvltune. o.cto tazt armh ggainstml sea ofmtroublem ayd by o pysinkwend them.vtogdpe to slyeo. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hehktacee and the thousctd haturol shockn.
gen: 1700 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bi that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdasrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.sto qazt arma egainstml sea ofvtroublem apd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdoe to slceg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexttacee and the thousfsd haturml shockn.
gen: 1701 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to b  that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdazrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.qto iazt armx ggainstmk sea ofvtroublem agd by o pysinkwend them.vtogdse to skseg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexltacee and the thousrsd haturgl shockn.
gen: 1702 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bj that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdayrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.ato gazt arme mgainstml sea ofvtroublem aed by otpysinkwend them.vtogdie to slbeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hex tacee and the thoususd haturll shockn.
gen: 1703 fit: -61 chromo: to be od not to bv that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .oolar in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe slhngxvavfdaarows of octragewup fvltune. o.kto vazt armt jgainstmk sea ofrtroublem ard by otpysinkwend them.vtogdje to slceg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexotacee and the thousssd haturdl shockn.
gen: 1704 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bc that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .ocler in tje cinjftr sdffelk ghe sldngxvavfdajrows of odtragewup fvltune. o. to bazt armt zgainstml sea ofvtroublem ald by otpysinkwend them.vtogdde to slmeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hex.tacee and the thous sd haturjl shockn.
gen: 1705 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bc that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .otler in tje cinjftr sdffelk ghe sldngxvavfdaurows of odtragewup fvltune. o.vto dazt armu ggainstml sea ofvtroublem ald by otpysinkwend them.vtogdue to slheg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexvtacee and the thoustsd haturnl shockn.
gen: 1706 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bu that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdavrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.dto mazt armi againstml sea ofvtroublem avd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdre to slreg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexjtacee and the thousnsd haturel shockn.
gen: 1707 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to br that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis topler in tje cinjetr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdatrows of odtragegup fvltune. o.yto lazt armq wgainstml sea ofvtroublem abd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdoe to slieg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexdtacee and the thouswsd haturrl shockn.
gen: 1708 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bs that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdajrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.qto tazt armf igainstml sea ofvtroublem amd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdoe to slxeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexftacee and the thousnsd haturxl shockn.
gen: 1709 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bq that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdaxrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.ito hazt armb fgainstml sea ofvtroublem a.d by otpysinkwend them.vtogdce to slpeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexltacee and the thoususd haturwl shockn.
gen: 1710 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bk that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdaorows of odtragewup fvltune. o.xto razt armg jgainstml sea ofvtroublem apd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdse to sl eg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexztacee and the thousesd haturjl shockn.
gen: 1711 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bq that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdairows of octragewup fvltune. o.mto gazt armn lgainstmk sea ofctroublem avd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdse to slzeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexwtacee and the thouspsd haturql shockn.
gen: 1712 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bx that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis topler in tje cinjetr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdavrows of odtragepup fvltune. o. to cazt armu wgainstml sea ofvtroublem apd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdse to slveg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexctacee and the thousvsd haturhl shockn.
gen: 1713 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bu that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdacrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.wto wazt armm egainstml sea ofvtroublem agd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdye to slleg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hex.tacae and the thousrsd haturgl shockn.
gen: 1714 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bp that iszthe queitiod.wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdatrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.nto bazt arms lgainstml sea ofvtroublem ayd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdqe to slbeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexztacee and the thousrsd haturml shockn.
gen: 1715 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to ba that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdanrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.eto yazt armf vgainstml sea ofvtroublem ahd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdde to slxeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexetacae and the thousgsd hatur.l shockn.
gen: 1716 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bt that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfda rows of octragewup fvltune. o.zto vazt armp mgainstmk sea ofitroublem avd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdge to sljeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexhtacee and the thousisd haturql shockn.
gen: 1717 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to ba that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdatrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.lto xazt armw wgainstml sea ofvtroublem and by otpysinkwend them.vxogdme to slyeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hevatacee and the thouswsd haturrl shockn.
gen: 1718 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to b. that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffek  ghe sldngxvavfdayrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.rto  azt armm sgainstml sea ofvtroublem azd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdke to slweg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexvtacae and the thouspsd haturql shockn.
gen: 1719 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bi that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekl ghe sldngxvavfdatrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.jto wazt armp ygainstml sea ofvtroublem aud by otpysinkwend them.vtogdve to slqeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hex.tacee and the thouscsd haturil shockn.
gen: 1720 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bj that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekl ghe sldngxvavfdamrows of odtragewup fvltune. o..to uazt armb dgainstml sea ofvtroublem a d by otpysinkwend them.vtogdne to slpeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexntacee and the thousysd haturul shockn.
gen: 1721 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bm that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdairows of octragewup fvltune. o.gto oazt arme againstmk sea ofvtroublem aid by otpysinkwend them.vtogdye to slaeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexwtacee and the thousksd haturcl shockn.
gen: 1722 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to ba that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdamrows of octragewup fvltune. o.nto yazt armf dgainstmk sea ofvtroublem amd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdne to slfeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hex.tacee and the thousnsd haturhl shockn.
gen: 1723 fit: -61 chromo: to be oc not to bu that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavvdaprows of octragewup fvltune. o.ato oazt armv ogainstmk sea ofatroublen a.d by otpysinkwend them.vtogdae to slmeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexftacee and the thousesd haturwl shockn.
gen: 1724 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bv that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .orler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdaprows of odtragewup fvltune. o.nto wazt arml bgainstml sea ofvtroublem apd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdke to slreg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexftacee and the thousgsd haturml shockb.
gen: 1725 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bt that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffek  ghe sldngxvavfdarrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.kto  azt armw kgainstml sea ofvtroublem avd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdte to slzeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexntacae and the thousosd haturpl shockn.
gen: 1726 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bf that iszthe quejtio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdarrows of octragewup fvltune. o.qto yazt armw egainstmk sea ofxtroublem aad by otpysinkwend them.vtogdke to slseg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexgtacee and the thouszsd hatur.l shockn.
gen: 1727 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bj thbt iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdavrows of octragewup fvltune. o.wto eazt armb bgainstmk sea ofctroublen akd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdpe to slheg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexntacae and the thousrsd haturkl shockn.
gen: 1728 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to b. that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffek  ghe sldngxvavfdalrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.ito oazt army mgainstml sea ofvtroublem aad by otpysinkwend them.vtogdye to slzeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexbtacae and the thous.sd haturjl shockn.
gen: 1729 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bl that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffek  ghe sldngxvavfdadrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.nto kazt armh sgainstml sea ofvtroublem and by otpysinkwend them.vtogdge to slleg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexptacae and the thousvsd haturjl shockn.
gen: 1730 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bi that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjbtr sdffekk ghe sldngxuavfdairows of odtragewup fvltune. o.cto oazt army againstml sea ofvtroublem abd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdue to slueg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexxtacee and the thousmsd haturll shockn.
gen: 1731 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bx that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjbtr sdffekk ghe sldngxuavfdaprows of odtragewup fvltune. o.xto fazt arma pgainstml sea ofvtroublem aod by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdce to slteg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexutacee and the thousrsd haturvl shockn.
gen: 1732 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to br that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffek  ghe sldngxvavfdaarows of odtragewup fvltune. o.ato fazt armb dgainstml sea ofvtroublem awd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdwe to slzeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexctacae and the thousjsd hatur l shockn.
gen: 1733 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bg that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjbtr sdffek  ghe sldngxuavfdakrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.gto jazt armi jgainstml sea ofvtroublem and by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdje to slyeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexhtacee and the thoushsd hatur.lsshockn.
gen: 1734 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bf that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavvdaurows of odtragewup fvltune. o.sto aazt armu ggainstml sea ofvtroublem ahdkby otpysinkwend them.vtogdke to sljeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexptacee and the thousmsd haturol shockn.
gen: 1735 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bn that iszthe queitio .qwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxeavfdaxrows of octragewup fvltune. o.xto xazt armb sgainstml sea ofvtroublem atd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdhe to sldeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexstacee and the thoustsd hatur l shockn.
gen: 1736 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to be that iszthe queitio .owhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekl ghe sldngxeavfdabrows of octragewup fvltune. o.nto dazt armh ugainstml sea ofvtroublem a d by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdje to slqeg. no more. andfby i sleep to say wr eno.athe hexotagee and the thouslsd haturrl shockd.
gen: 1737 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bv that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffek  ghe sldngxvavfda.rows of odtragewup fvltune. o.gto aazt armh egainstml sea ofvtroublem awd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdve to sl.eg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexctacae and the thousjsd haturzl shockn.
gen: 1738 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bs that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdalrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.yto  azt arm. vgainstml sea ofvtroublem apd by orpysinkwend them.vtohdce to slseg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexotacae and the thousgsd faturol shockc.
gen: 1739 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bb that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek  ghe sldngxvavfda rows of odtragewup fvltune. o.gto qazt armg ggainstml sea ofvtroublem and by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdoe to slueg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexitacae and the thousmtd haturhl shockn.
gen: 1740 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bh that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek  ghe sldngxvavfdakrows of odtragewup fvltune. o..to qazt arm  mgainstml sea ofvtroublem ald by oxpysinkwend them.vtogd e to sldeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexztacae and the thousktd haturdl shockn.
gen: 1741 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bp that iszthe queitio .awhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxeavfdalrows of octragewup fvltune. o.fto nazt army  gainstml sea ofvtroublem asd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdze to slzeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexdtacee and the thousksd hatur.l shockc.
gen: 1742 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bf that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinlftr sdffek  ghe sldngxvavfdanrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.ito  azt armg againstml sea ofutroublem azd bq oxpysinkwend them.vtogdoe to slceg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexntacae and the thous sd haturil shockn.
gen: 1743 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc dot to bh that isbthe queitio .wghether tis zooler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfda rows of odtragewup fultune. o.tto tazt armi fgainstml sea ofutroublem asd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdze to slgeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexktacee and the thoususd haturtl shockn.
gen: 1744 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bk that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek  ghe sldngxvavfdarrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.ato tazt armg jgainstml sea ofvtroublem ald by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdke to slpeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexmtacae and the thousfsd faturfl shockn.
gen: 1745 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bz that iszthe qteitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek  ghe sldngxvavfdamrows of octragewup fvdtune. o.jto vazt arms xgainstml sea ofvtroublem ard by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdme to sl.eg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexttacae and the thousitd haturwl shockn.
gen: 1746 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to b. that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdavrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.yto bazt armi  gainstml sea ofvtroublem afd by orpysinkwend them.vtohd.e to slbeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexwtacae and the thousgsd faturrl shocko.
gen: 1747 fit: -60 chromo: to be os not to bo that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxuavfdadrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.nto uazt armh lgainstml sea ofvtroublem ard by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdne to slmeg. no mote. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexttacee and the thousntd hatursl shockn.
gen: 1748 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bd that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek  ghe sldngxvavfdawrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.uto mazt armm ygainstml sea ofvtroublem ald by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdpe to sldeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hex.tacae and the thousesd faturpl shockn.
gen: 1749 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to ba that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjbtr sdffekk ghe sldngxuavfdaerows of odtragewup fvltune. o.wto sazt armq ggainstml sea ofvtroublem akd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdqe to sljeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexutacee and the thouscsd haturil shockn.
gen: 1750 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bc that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffek  ghe sldngxvavfdazrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.nto fazt armt ugainstml sea ofvtroublem aed by otpysinkwend them.vtogdle to slfeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexotacae and the thousxsd haturfl shockn.
gen: 1751 fit: -60 chromo: to be os not to bz that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxuavfdaqrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.fto pazt armc qgainstml sea ofvtroublem agd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdhe to slfeg. no mote. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hex tacee and the thousttd haturzl shockn.
gen: 1752 fit: -60 chromo: to be os not to bt that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxuavfdairows of odtragewup fvltune. o. to kazt armw ugainstml sea ofvtroublem azd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdje to slueg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexdtacae and the thousmsd faturtl shocku.
gen: 1753 fit: -60 chromo: to be os not to bt that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxuavfdakrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.sto lazt armt wgainstml sea ofvtroublem a.d by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdbe to slneg. no mote. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexdtacee and the thousqsd haturyl shockn.
gen: 1754 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bd that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdairows of odtragewup fvdtune. o.qto dazt armj fgainstml sea ofvtroublem aad by oxpysinkwend them.vtogd.e to slheg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexhtacae anduthe thousisd faturvl shockn.
gen: 1755 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bu that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffekk ghe sldngxvavfdaurows of odtragewup fvdtune. o.yto eazt armq againstml sea ofvtroublem ayd by orpysinkwend them.vtohdye to slxeg. no more. andfby m sleep to siy wr eno.athe hexytacae and the thousowd faturll shockn.
gen: 1756 fit: -60 chromo: to be os not to bw that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxuavfdayrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.oto vazt armq pgainstml sea ofvtroublem ayd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdqe to sljeg. no mote. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexytacae and the thousgsd haturol shockn.
gen: 1757 fit: -60 chromo: to be os not to bc that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxuavfda.rows of odtragewup fvltune. o.mto aazt armw ugainstml sea ofvtroublem abd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdoe to sljeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexrtacae and the thousxsd faturll shock .
gen: 1758 fit: -60 chromo: to be os not to bp that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdagrows of odtragewup fvlrune. o.xto hazt armd egainstml sea ofvtroublem awd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdxe to sl eg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexxtacee and the thousqsd haturjl shockf.
gen: 1759 fit: -60 chromo: to be os not to bv that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxuavfdakrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.cto cazt armd ugainstml sea ofvtroublem azd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdbe to slyeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexrtacae and the thouswsd fatursl shockv.
gen: 1760 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bb that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffekc ghe sldngxvavfdaerows of odtragewup fvltune. o.tto bazt armv fgainstml sea ofvtroublem a d by otpysinkwend them.vtogdye to sleeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexltacae and the thousbsd faturgl shockf.
gen: 1761 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bo that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffeky ghe sldngxvavfdanrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.fto  azt armo ugainstml sea ofvtroublem aid by otpysinkwend them.vtogdze to slceg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexotacae and the thoususd faturbl shockf.
gen: 1762 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bk that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffekn ghe sldngxvavfdasrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.eto eazt arma igainstml sea ofvtroublem asd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdde to sldeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexqtacae and the thousasd faturel shockf.
gen: 1763 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bm that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffekz ghe sldngxvavfdayrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.nto gazt arma vgainstml sea ofvtroublem abd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdge to sleeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexptacae and the thouspsd faturjl shockf.
gen: 1764 fit: -60 chromo: to be oc not to bu that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffekd ghe sldngxvavfdaerows of odtragewup fvltune. o.eto .azt arms lgainstml sea ofvtroublem avd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdqe to slxeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexstacae and the thousrsd faturgl shockf.
gen: 1765 fit: -60 chromo: to be os not to bd that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxuavfdazrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.wto zazt armm ugainstml sea ofvtroublem amd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdqe to slveg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexptacae and the thousfsd faturxl shockn.
gen: 1766 fit: -60 chromo: to be os not to bq that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxuavfdavrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.qto  azt arm  ugainstml sea ofvtroublem aad by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdxe to slyeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexitacae and the thousysd faturzl shockk.
gen: 1767 fit: -60 chromo: to be os not to bz that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxuavfdahrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.qto qazt armf ugainstml sea ofvtroublem ard by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdse to slleg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexztacae and the thousqsd faturml shocks.
gen: 1768 fit: -60 chromo: to be os not to bk that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxuavfdaqrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.pto sazt arm  vgainstml sea ofvtroublem awd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdfe to slkeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexxtacee and the thous sd haturvl shockn.
gen: 1769 fit: -60 chromo: to be os not to bk that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxuavfdamrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.fto mazt armv ugainstml sea ofvtroublem avd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdve to slmeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexhtacae and the thoushsd faturxl shocky.
gen: 1770 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bq that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxuavfdaprows of odtragewup fvltune. o.qto zazt armj jgainstml sea ofvtroublem asd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdte to slxeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hex tacee and the thousasd haturil shockn.
gen: 1771 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bw that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxuavfdaxrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.lto tazt armh ugainstml.sea ofvtroublem asd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdae to slweg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexttacae and the thousxsd faturol shocky.
gen: 1772 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to b. that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxuavfdavrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.tto cazt armq ugainstml sea ofvtroublem asd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdce to slneg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexftacae and the thouscsd faturpl shockg.
gen: 1773 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to br that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxuavfdalrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.xto yazt armk ugainstml sea ofvtroublem ajd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogd.e to slueg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexdtacae and the thousmsd faturul shockh.
gen: 1774 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bo that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxuavfdaarows of odtragewup fvltune. o.oto razt armk ugainstml sea ofvtroublem afd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdge to slleg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexjtacae and the thouswsd fatursl shockd.
gen: 1775 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bs that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjfsr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdakrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.xto cazt armd tgainstml sea ofvtroublem avd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdpe to slfeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexqtacae and the thousgsd naturvl shockn.
gen: 1776 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to b  that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjfsr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdafrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.eto gazt arma wgainstml sea ofvtroublem agd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdje to slgeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexgtacae and the thousnsd naturll shockn.
gen: 1777 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bm that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjfsr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdaprows of odtragewup fvltune. o.kto razt armm tgainstml sea ofvtroublem ahd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdte to slbeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexgtacae and the thouspsd naturpl shockn.
gen: 1778 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bu that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjfsr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdasrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.dto zazt armd igainstml sea ofvtroublem awd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdte to slleg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hex.tacae and the thousasd naturkl shockn.
gen: 1779 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to be that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldnghvavbdalrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.fto fazt armx kgainstml sea ofvtroublem afd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdie to slyeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wb enp.athu hexwtacae and the thoususd naturtl shockn.
gen: 1780 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bi that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldnghvavbdabrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.tto kazt army ygainstml sea ofvtroublem abd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdoe to slreg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wb enp.athu hexmtacae and the thousmsd naturwl shockn.
gen: 1781 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bd that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfda rows of odtzagewup fvltune. o.rto gazt armc egainstml sea ofvtroublem ard by otpysinkwend them.vtogdne to slweg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr enp.athe hehhtacae and the thousesd naturxl shockn.
gen: 1782 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to b  that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldnghvavbdanrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.cto razt arm  igainstml sea ofvtroublem ald by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdge to sljeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wb enp.athu hexrtacae and the thousxsd naturrl shockn.
gen: 1783 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bz that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldnghvavbdairows of odtragewup fvltune. o.qto yazt armr lgainstml sea ofvtroublem abd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdee to slqeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wb enp.athu hexktacae and the thousssd natursl shockn.
gen: 1784 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bw that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfda rows of odtzagewup fvltune. o.oto sazt arme egainstml sea ofvtroublem azd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdue to slteg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr enp.athe hehitacae and the thoustsd naturql shockn.
gen: 1785 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bz that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfda rows of odtzagewup fvltune. o.bto aazt armo egainstml sea ofvtroublem apd by otpysinkwend them.vtogdje to slweg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr enp.athe hehatacae and the thousasd naturml shockn.
gen: 1786 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bb that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldnghvavbdazrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.wto qazt armq  gainstml sea ofvtroublem aud by oxpysinkwend them.vtogd e to slreg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wb enp.athu hexftacae and the thousvsd natursl shockn.
gen: 1787 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bj that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxuavhdafrows of odtragewup fvltune. o. to sazt armb fgainstml sea ofvtroublem azd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdxe to sl eg. ng more. andfby m sleep to say wr enp.athe hexvtacae and the thous cd naturbl shockn.
gen: 1788 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bo that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdarrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.cto wazt armb ygainstml sea ofvtroublem awd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdoe to slpeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexotacae and the thousgsd naturhl shockn.
gen: 1789 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bn that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxuavhdacrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.gto lazt army hgainstml sea ofvtroublem azd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdpe to slseg. ng more. andfby m sleep to say wr enp.athe hexvtacae and the thousxcd natursl shockn.
gen: 1790 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bm that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdavrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.mto gazt armz kgainstml sea ofvtroublem and by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdke to sl eg. no more. andfby   sleep to say wr eno.athe hexktacae and the thousjsd naturql shockn.
gen: 1791 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bs that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfda rows of odtragewup fvltune. o.bto sazt armi ngainstml sea ofvtroublem atd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdje to slieg. no more. andfby e sleep to say wr eno.athe hexmtacae and the thousnsd naturjl shockn.
gen: 1792 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bb that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavedaarows of odtragewup fvltune. o.lto lazt armm bgainstml sea ofvtroublem aud by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdse to slfeg. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr eno.athe hexetacae and the thoususd naturbl shockn.
gen: 1793 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bg that iszthe queitio .wwhether tic .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfda rows of odtragewup fvltune. o.ato nazt arm.  gainstml sea ofvtroublem aad by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdte to sl.eg. no more. andfby h sleep to say wr eno.athe hexitacae and the thousdsd naturnl shockn.
gen: 1794 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bg that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjfsr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdaxrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.mto xazt armg ngainstml sea ofvtroublem a.d by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdxe to slseg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexqtacae and the thousbsd naturfl shockn.
gen: 1795 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bt that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinnftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfda.rows of odtragewup fvltune. o.kto yazt armv ihainstml sea ofvtroublem add by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdue to slmeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr enp.athu hexztacae and the thousasd naturtl shockn.
gen: 1796 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bp that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdatrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.pto wazt armw jgainstml sea ofvtroublem ald by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdee to slaeg. no more. andfby o sleep to say wr eno.athe hexxtacae and the thousssd naturml shockn.
gen: 1797 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bl that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdaxrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.cto qazt arm  jgainstml sea ofvtroublem apd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdoe to sljeg. no more. andfby t sleep to say wr eno.athe hexltacae and the thouslsd naturql shockn.
gen: 1798 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bu that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ooler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdazrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.kto oazt armu pgainstmk sea ofvtroublem aed by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdde to slqeg. no more. andfby h sleep to say wr enp.athe hehbtacae and the thousycd naturul shockn.
gen: 1799 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bk that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavedawrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.tto dazt armp mgainstml sea ofvtroublem axd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdxe to slbeg. no more. andfby   sleep to say wr eno.athe hexjtadae and tge thoususd naturkl shockn.
gen: 1800 fit: -59 chromo: to beyos not to by that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdadrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.eto lazt arme bgainstml sea ofvtroublem aod by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdqe to sl.eg. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr eno.athe hexktacae and the thousxsd naturll shockn.
gen: 1801 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bn that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavedazrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.mto mazt armx kgainstml sea ofvtroublem awd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogd.e to sleeg. no more. andfby x sleep to say wr eno.athe hexptacae and the thousfsd naturml shockn.
gen: 1802 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bz that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfda rows of odtragewup fvltune. o.pto wazt armx againstml sea ofvtroublem aed by oxpytinkwend them.vtogdne to slbeg. no more. andfby n sleep to say wr eno.athe hexhtacae and the thousqsd naturgl shockn.
gen: 1803 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to b  that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe slbngxvavfdahrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.yto sazt armq fgainstml sea ofvtroublem awd bysoxpysinkwend them.vtohdme to slfeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hex tacae and the thousksd naturjl shockn.
gen: 1804 fit: -59 chromo: to beyos not to bs that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tie cinjftr sdffel. ghe slcngxvavfdalrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.hto eazt armu ggainstml sea ofvtroublem ald by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdze to sljeg. no more. andfby   sleep to say wr eno.athe hexstacae and the thoushsd naturzl shockn.
gen: 1805 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bx that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffel. ghe sldngxvavfdaprows of odtragewup fvltune. o.hto razt armx ogainstml sea ofvtroublem atd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdce to sljeg. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexptacae and the thouswsd naturdl shockn.
gen: 1806 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to ba that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffel. ghe sldngxvavfdaerows of odtragewup fvltune. o.jto gazt armf egainstml sea ofvtroublem atd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdve to slleg. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr eno.athe hexftacae and the thousrsd naturzl shockn.
gen: 1807 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bd that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdaqrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.eto xazt arme bgainstml sea ofvtroublem agd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogd e to slaeg. no more. andfby e sleep to say wr eno.athe hex.tacae and the thousysd naturul shockn.
gen: 1808 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bo that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdaerows of odtragewup fvltune. o.tto zazt armi rgainstml sea ofvtroublem agd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogd e to slueg. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr eno.athe hexhtacae and the thousqsd natur.l shockn.
gen: 1809 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bu that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tne cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdasrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.dto uazt armv qgainstml sea ofvtroublem akd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdze to slieg. no more. andfby e sleep to say wr eno.athe hexatacae and the thousvsd naturrl shockn.
gen: 1810 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to b. that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavedamrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.lto xazt armz dgainstml sea ofvtroublem ajd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdse to slceg. no more. andfby o sleep to say wr eno.athe hexetacae and the thousxsd naturdl shockn.
gen: 1811 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bj that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tne cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdagrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.sto cazt armc againstml sea ofvtroubleo avd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdhe to slveg. no more. andfby k sleep to say wr eno.athe hex tacae and the txousisd natur l shockn.
gen: 1812 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bo that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdaurows of octragewup fvltune. o.lto .azt armn vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo ard by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdie to slmep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wr eno.athe hexgtacae and the thousksd naturpl shockn.
gen: 1813 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to bx that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tne cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdagrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.wto kazt armo ogainstml sea ofvtroublem acd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdze to slveg. no more. andfby k sleep to say wr eno.athe hexotacae and the thoustsd naturml shockn.
gen: 1814 fit: -59 chromo: to be os not to b  that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tne cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdavrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.zto oazt arm  lgainstml sea ofvtroublem abd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdoe to slveg. no more. andfby w sleep to say wr eno.athe hexltacae and the thousrsd naturgl shockn.
gen: 1815 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bw that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdalrows of octragewup fvltune. o.jto mazt arm. pgainstml sea ofvtroubleo apd by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdbe to slyep. no more. andfby a sleep to say wr eno.athe hexgtacae and the thousrsd naturwl shockn.
gen: 1816 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bv that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdaerows of octragewup fvltune. o.gto .azt armt againstml sea ofvtroubleo aod by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdhe to sloep. no more. andfby n sleep to say wr eno.athe hexwtacae and the thousgsd naturcl shockn.
gen: 1817 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bl that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tne cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdazrows of ohtragewup fvltune. o.yto qazt armx kgainstml sea ofvtroublem and by oxpysinkwend them.vtogd e to slweg. no more. andfby . sleep to say wr enk.athe hexytacae and the thousysd naturcl shockn.
gen: 1818 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bl that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdawrows of octragewup fvltune. o.zto wazt army ogainstml sea ofvtroubleo ard by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdoe to slyep. no more. andfby l sleep to say wr eno.athe hexvtacae and the thousxsd natur l shockn.
gen: 1819 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bz that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .oller in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdadrows of octragesup fvltune. o.yto sazt armj mgainstml sea ofvtroubleo awd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdne to slfep. no more. andfby . sleep to say wr eno.athe hexvtacbe and the thousrsd naturhl shockn.
gen: 1820 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bu that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdamrows of odtragewup fvltune. o..to cazt armn rgainstml sea ofvtroubleo aed by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdee to sl ep. no more. andfby l sleep to say wr eno.athe hexatacae and the thouslsd naturkl shockn.
gen: 1821 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bn that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdayrows of octragewup fvltune. o.hto uazt arms  gainstml sea ofvtroubleo aud by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdte to slgep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr eno.athe hexbtacae and the thousvsd naturhl shockn.
gen: 1822 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bd that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdamrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.gto  azt armu fgainstml sea ofvtroubleo apd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdwe to slhep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr eno.athe hexwtacae and the thousysd naturkl shockn.
gen: 1823 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bm that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdamrows of octragewup fvltune. o..to eazt armt fgainstml sea ofvtroubleo azd by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdte to slkep. no more. andfby b sleep to say wr eno.athe hexatacae and the thouszsd natur.l shockn.
gen: 1824 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bh that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdatrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.dto pazt armg pgainstml sea ofvtroubleo atd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdre to slvep. no more. andfby o sleep to say wr eno.athe hexstacae and the thousysd natur l shockn.
gen: 1825 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bt that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdayrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.qto mazt arma jgainstml sea ofvtroubleo aqd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdbe to slpep. no more. andfby x sleep to say wr eno.athe hexetacae and the thousfsd naturfl shockn.
gen: 1826 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bu that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdabrows of octragewup fvltune. o.jto cazt army zgainstml sea ofvtroubleo ald by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdqe to sliep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr eno.athe hexqtacae and the thousasd natur l shockn.
gen: 1827 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to b. that isythe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdajrows of octragewul fvltune. o.gto iazt armf ogainstml sea ofvtroubleo amd by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdje to slnepl no more. andfbk . sleep to say wr eno.athe hexstacae and the thousdsd naturol shockn.
gen: 1828 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bb that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe slbngxvavfdajrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.vto  azt armz egainstml sea ofvtroubleo ajd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdwe to slvep. no more. andfby c sleep to say wr eno.athe hexytacae and the thousbsd naturwl shockn.
gen: 1829 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bo that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdaxrows of odtragewun fvltune. o.xto xazt armw mgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo amd by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdle to slyep. no more. andfby . sleep to say wr eno.athe hexgtacie and the thousesd naturhl shockn.
gen: 1830 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bg that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdaurows of odtragewup fvltune. o.lto xazt armu dgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo avd by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdie to sleep. no more. andfby . sleep to say wr eno.athe hexrtacie and the thous.sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 1831 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bu that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe slbngxvavfdaprows of odtragewup fvltune. o.eto eazt armu xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo add by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdie to sltep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wr eno.athe hexutacae and the thouszsd naturfl shockn.
gen: 1832 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bh that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdaprows of octragewup fvltune. o.kto xazt armc sgainstml sea ofvtroubleo axd by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdde to slbep. no more. andfby a sleep to say wr eno.athe hexotacae and the thoushsd naturpl shockn.
gen: 1833 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to b  that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdalrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.qto xazt arml tgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo asd by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdde to sl ep. no more. andfby   sleep to say wr eno.athe hexptacie and the thousmsd naturxl shockn.
gen: 1834 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bc that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfda rows of octragewul fvltune. o.bto aazs armv wgainstml sea ofvtroubleo a d by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdxe to sliep. no more. andfby p sleep to say wr eno.athe hexgtacae and the thousksd naturvl shockn.
gen: 1835 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bg that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe slbngxvavfdalrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.yto tazt armd ogainstml sea ofvtroubleo agd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdie to sliep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr eno.athe hexktacae and the thousgsd naturjl shockn.
gen: 1836 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to b  that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdanrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.hto xazt arms lgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo aad by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdne to slbep. no more. andfby n sleep to say wr eno.athe hexztacie and the thousysd natur.l shockn.
gen: 1837 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to b. that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfda.rows of odtragewul fvltune. o.xto vazt armo rgainstml sea ofvtroubleo abd by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdue to slpep. no more. andfby f sleep to say wr eno.athe hexltacae and the thousqsd natursl shockn.
gen: 1838 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bz that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdairows of octragewup fwltune. o.mto jazs armk pgainstml qea ofvtroubleo ajd by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdhe to slzep. no more. andfby   sleep to say wr eno.athe hexwtacae and the thouswsd naturrl shockn.
gen: 1839 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to ba that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tbe cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdasrows of octragewul fvltune. o.rto eazt armd egainstml sea ofvtroubleo aod by oxp sinkwend them.vtogdle to sliep. no more. andfby . sleep to say wr eno.athe hexytacae and the thouscsd naturfl shockn.
gen: 1840 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to br that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tbe cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdairows of octragewul fvltune. o.eto sazt armw zgainstml sea ofvtroubleo ald by oxp sinkwend them.vtogdqe to sldep. no more. andfby e sleep to say wr eno.athe hexztacae and the thouszsd naturzl shockn.
gen: 1841 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to b  that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfda.rows of odtragewup fvltune. o.wto xazt armc pgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo apd by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdje to sloep. no more. andfby j sleep to say wr eno.athe hexptacie and the thoustsd naturll shockn.
gen: 1842 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bj that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tbe cinjftb wdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdacrows of octragewul fvltune. o.uto bazt armr .gainstml sea ofvtroubleo avd by oxp sinkwend them.vtogdhe to slqep. no more. andfby . sleep to say wr eno.athe hex tacae and the thousssd naturhl shockn.
gen: 1843 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to bj that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdahrows of odtragewun fvltune. g.uto xazt arms zgainstml sea ofvtroubleo a.d by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdge to slgep. no more. andfby q sleep to say wr enp.athe hexitacae and the thouspsd naturvl shockn.
gen: 1844 fit: -58 chromo: to be os not to b  that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdairows of odtragewun fvltune. o.gto xazt armm pgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo ald by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdee to slkep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.cthe hexztacie and the thous.sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 1845 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to b  that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdaerows of odtragewun fvltune. o.ito xazt arm  againstm. sea ofvtroubleo aqd by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdre to slnep. no more. andfby g sleep to say wr enp.cthe hexgtacie and the thousrsd naturfl shockn.
gen: 1846 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to b  that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdakrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.qto xazt armu againstm. sea ofvtroubleo akd by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdte to slnep. no more. andfby d sleep to say wr eno.athe hexptacie and the thousnsd naturll shockn.
gen: 1847 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bb that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdaurows of octragewul fvltune. o.nto zazt arme xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo asd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdee to slbep. no more. andfby w sleep to say wr eno.athe hexdtacae and the thousgsd natur l shockn.
gen: 1848 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to b. that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .opler in tbe cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdagrows of octragewul fvltune. o.ito yazt arme bgainstml sea ofvtroubleo afd by oxp sinkwend them.vtogdee to sloep. no more. andfby h sleep to say wr eno.athe hex tacae and the thovsbsd naturml shockn.
gen: 1849 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to by that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdakrows of odtragewun fvltune. o.wto xazt armh wgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo axd by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdze to slsep. no more. andfby x sleep to say wr enp.athe hexetacie and the thoushsd naturml shockn.
gen: 1850 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bd that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tbe cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdadrows of octragewul fvltune. o.vto yazt armo sgainstml sea ofvtroubleo afd by oxp sinkwend them.vtogdhe to slcep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr eno.athe hexgtacae and the thousksd naturhl shockn.
gen: 1851 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bi that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdavrows of odtragewul fvltune. o.rto tazt armc mgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdwe to slcep. no more. andfby x sleep to say wr eno.athe hexttacae and the thous.sd naturml shockn.
gen: 1852 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bw that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdatrows of octragewul fvltune. o.cto zazt armt bgainstml sea ofvtroubleo aad by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdqe to slgep. no more. andfby q sleep to say wr eno.athe hexctacae and the thousksd naturwl shockn.
gen: 1853 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to br that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdaxrows of octragewul fvltune. o.sto iazt arm  zgainstml sea ofvtroubleo asd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdbe to sluep. no more. andfby f sleep to say wr eno.athe hexatacae and the thouspsd naturdl shockn.
gen: 1854 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bg that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdaqrows of octragewul fvltune. o.qto xazt arm  rgainstol sea ofvtroubleo aid by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdre to slqep. no more. andfay p sleep to say wr eno.athe hexhtacae and the thousvsd natursl shockn.
gen: 1855 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to b  that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdarrows of odtragewup.fvltune. o.fto dazx armx vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo ard by odp sinkwend them.vtogdte to slmep. no more. andfby g sleep to say wr eno.athe hexjtacie and the thousysd naturyl shockn.
gen: 1856 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bh that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdawrows of octragewul fvltune. o.ato jazt arm. .gainstml sea ofvtroubleo aid by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdbe to sl ep. no more. andfby e sleep to say wr eno.athe hexdtacae and the thousbsd naturil shockn.
gen: 1857 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bc that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdafrows of octragewul fvltune. o.kto zazt armc ygainstml sea ofvtroubleo aod by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdie to slxep. no more. andfby k sleep to say wr eno.athe hexmtacae and the thousdsd naturrl shockn.
gen: 1858 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bc that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tbe cinjftr scffek. ghe sldngxvavhdaprows of odtragewup.fvltune. o.tto uazx armr cgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo ahd by oip sinkwend them.vtogdme to slrep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wr eno.athe hexwtacie and the thousysd naturdl shockn.
gen: 1859 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bb that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvafhdarrows of octragewun fvltune. o.vto gazt armd ggainstn. sea ofvtroubleo azd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdte to sloep. no more. andfbyhg sleep to say wr eno.athe hexztacie and the thousfsd natur.l shockn.
gen: 1860 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bh that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinnftb stffek. ghe sldngxvavhdaurows of octragewup fvltune. o. to xart armz igainstol sea ofvdroublew ahd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogd e to slaep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wr enp.athe hexgtacae and the thousltd naturql shockm.
gen: 1861 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bk that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinnftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdairows of octragewup fvltune. o.bto xart arm. ggainstol sea ofvtroubleo azd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdke to slsep. no more. andfby f sleep to say wr enp.athe hexhtacae and the thouszsd naturpl shockn.
gen: 1862 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bo that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinnftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdarrows of octragewun fvltune. o.xto xart armo  gainstol sea ofvtroubleg apd by onp sinkwend them.vtogdje to slcep. no more. andfby h sleep to say wr enp.athe hexgtacie and the thousesd naturgl shoc m.
gen: 1863 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to b  that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tze cinjftr sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdaurows of odtragewup fvltune. o.vto xazt armp vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo axd by otpysinkwend them.vtocdae to slxep. no more. andfby x sleep to say wr eno.athe hexhtacie and the thousssd naturkl shockn.
gen: 1864 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bx that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinnftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdaarows of octragewup fvltune. o. to xart armw jgainstol sea ofvtroubleo aad by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdie to slbep. no more. andfby b sleep to say wr enp.athe hexdtacae and the thous.sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 1865 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bx that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinnftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdatrows of octragewup fvltune. o.gto xart army pgainstol sea ofvtroubleo add by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdge to slhep. no more. andfby x sleep to say wr enp.athe hexytacae and the thousbsd naturyl shockn.
gen: 1866 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to br that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje dinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvakhdarrows of octragewul fvltune. o.dto gazt armk ygainstml sea ofvtroublgo axd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdpe to slrep. no more. andfby b sleep to say wr eno.athe hexetacae and the thouscsd naturkl shockn.
gen: 1867 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bn that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinnftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdajrows of octragewup fvltune. o.ato xart armb dgainstol sea ofvtroubleo abd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdle to slvep. no more. andfby q sleep to say wr enp.athe hexytacae and the thousksd naturnl shockn.
gen: 1868 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bb that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinnftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdatrows of octragewup fvltune. o.rto xart arml kgainstol sea ofvtroubleo aod by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdfe to slsep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr enp.athe hexptacae and the thousrsd naturyl shockn.
gen: 1869 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bh that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinnftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdarrows of octragewup fvltune. o.vto xart armr sgainstol sea ofvtroubleo a.d by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdme to slnep. no more. andfby i sleep to say wr enp.athe hex.tacae and the thouswsd naturjl shockn.
gen: 1870 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bu that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdavrows of octragewup fvltune. o.uto xazt armt lgainstol sea ofvtroubleo aqd by oxp sinkwend them.vtogdne to sltep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wz eno.athe hexztacae and the thousmsd naturll shockn.
gen: 1871 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bj that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdaorows of octragewup fvltune. o.uto xazt arml hgainstol sea ofvtroubleo aed by oxp sinkwend them.vtogdre to sloep. no more. andfby n sleep to say wz eno.athe hexetacae and the thous.sd naturul shockn.
gen: 1872 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bs that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavfdalrows of odtragewup fvltune. o.ato xazt armg rgainstol sea ofvtroubleo ayd by oxp sinkwend them.vtogdhe to sltep. no more. andfby d sleep to say wz eno.athe hexhtacae and the tdoustsd naturml shockn.
gen: 1873 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bh that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvathdaorows of octragewul fvltune. o.hto aazt arms kgainstml sea ofvtroubleo awd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdae to slxep. no more. andfby j sleep to say wr eno.athe hexbtacae and the thousksd naturzl shockn.
gen: 1874 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bk that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhda rows of octragewul fvltune. o.mto xazt arm  fgainstml sea ofvtroubleo agd bz oxp sinkwend them.vtogdde to sl.ep. no more. andfby   sleep to say wr eno.athe hexhtacie and the thousasd naturml shockp.
gen: 1875 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bb that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinnftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdairows of octragewup fvltune. o.fto xart armc againstol sea ofvtroubleo amd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdme to slqep. no more. andfby i sleep to say wr enp.athe hexatacae and the thouszsd naturul shockn.
gen: 1876 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bw that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvaghdakrows of octragewul fvltune. o.jto pa.t army rgainstml sea ofvtroubleo ald by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdde to slgep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr eno.athe hexytacae and the thouszsd naturcl shockn.
gen: 1877 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to be that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvadhdacrows of odtragewul fvltune. o.xto tazt armh sgainstml sea ofvtroubleo aed by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdze to sluep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wr eno.athe hexwtacae and the thousssd naturgl shockn.
gen: 1878 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to b..that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvaahdaxrows of odtragewul fvltune. otzto qa.t armi wgainstml sea ofvtroubleo ahd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdie to slxep. nk more. andfby q sleep to say wr eno.athe hexitacae and the thousmsd naturcl shockn.
gen: 1879 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bh that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje ginjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvaehdanrows of odtragewul fvltune. o.nto bazt armw ggainstml  ea ofvtroubleo acd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdme to slmep. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexktacae and the thousmsd naturll shockn.
gen: 1880 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bs that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffeo. ghe sldngwvajhdafrows of octragewul fvltune. o.tto vazt armv wgainstml sea ofvtroubleo a d by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdqe to slqep. no more. andfby o sleep to sqy wr eno.athe hexptacae and the thoususd naturml shocin.
gen: 1881 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to be that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinnftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdajrows of octragewup fvltune. o.tto xart armh qgainstol sea ofvtroubleo a d by oxpysinkwend them.vtogd.e to slsep. no more. andfby i sleep to say wr enp.athe hexytacae and the thoushsd naturul shockn.
gen: 1882 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bp that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvaehdalrows of octragewul fvltune. o.dto uazt arm  ogainstml sea ofvtroubleo aad by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdye to sluep. no more. andfby j sleep to say wr eno.athe hexjtacae and the thousrsd naturdl shockn.
gen: 1883 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bl that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvabhdalrows of octragewul fvltune. o.hto eazt armh zgainstml sea ofvtroubleo add by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdwe to sleep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr eno.athe hexjtacae and the thousvsd natural shockn.
gen: 1884 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bh that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvadhdamrows of odtragewul fvltune. o.mto gazt armw qgainstml sea ofvtroubleo apd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdge to sltep. no more. andfby h sleep to say wr eno.athe hexstacae and the thousqsd naturtl shockn.
gen: 1885 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bq that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinnftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdacrows of octragewup fvltune. o.lto xart armh hgainstol sea ofvtroubleo ahd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdhe to sluep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hexytacae and the thoususd naturul shockn.
gen: 1886 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bn that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinnftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdarrows of octragewup fvltune. o.rto xart armn dgainstol sea ofvtroubleo asd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdue to slhep. no more. andfby g sleep to say wr enp.athe hexdtacae and the thousysd naturul shockn.
gen: 1887 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bc that jszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvawhdacrows of octragewul fvltune. o.jto pa.t armf tgainstml sea ofvtroubleo asd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdje to slrep. no more. andfby e sleep to say wr eno.athe hexdtacae and the thouslsd naturhl shockn.
gen: 1888 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to ba that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvanhdaurows of odtragewul fvltune. o.ito sazt armo ngainstml sea ofvtroubleo agd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdde to slwep. no more. andfby q sleep to say wr eno.athe hexstacae and the thouscsd natur l shockn.
gen: 1889 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bk that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinnftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdacrows of octragewup fvltune. o.mto xart arm  bgainstol sea ofvtroubleo avd by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdhe to slbep. no more. andfby p sleep to say wr enp.athe hexbtacae and the thousasd naturul shockn.
gen: 1890 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bd that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinnftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdaurows of octragewup fvltune. o.lto xart armf wgainstol sea ofvtroubleo a.d by oxpysinkwend them.vtogd.e to slnep. no more. andfby c sleep to say wr enp.athe hexwtacae and the thouswsd naturul shockn.
gen: 1891 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bj that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxva hdajrows of octragewul fvltune. o.bto ta.t armg ngainstml sea ofvtroubleo afd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdxe to sloep. no more. andfby w sleep to say wr eno.athe hexgtacae and the thous sd naturml shockn.
gen: 1892 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bb that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinnftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvaghdafrows of octragewup fvltune. o.jto xart arm  ugainstml sea ofvtroubleo aod by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdpe to slsep. no more. andfby f sleep to say wr enp.athe hexctacae and the thouslsd naturul shockn.
gen: 1893 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to b. that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvaahdaurows of octragewul fvltune. o.gto sazt armh wgainstml sea ofvtroubleo azd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdle to slrep. no more. andfby j sleep to say wr eno.athe hexmtacae and the thousosd naturvl shockn.
gen: 1894 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to b. that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvaphdakrows of octragewul fvltune. o.zto sazt armx rgainstml sea ofvtroubleo ard by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdge to slnep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr eno.athe hexutacae and the thousqsd naturml shockn.
gen: 1895 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bj that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvajhdahrows of octragewul fvltune. o.fto oazt arms hgainstml sea ofvtroubleo afd by oxp sinkwend them.vtoddse to slkep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr eno.athe hexgtacae and the thousfsd naturml shockn.
gen: 1896 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bm that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinnftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdamrows of octragewup fvltune. o.cto xart arme jgainstol sea ofvtroubleo aod by oxpysinkwend them.vtogd.e to sljep. no more. andfby n sleep to say wr enp.athe hexgtacae and the thousdsd naturul shockn.
gen: 1897 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bn that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvabhdagrows of octragewul fvltune. o.ato pa.t armg ugainstml sea ofvtroubleo apd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdne to slyep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr eno.athe hexutacae and the thousmsd naturwl shockn.
gen: 1898 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bc that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvachdayrows of octragewul fvltune. o.pto da.t armt fgainstml sea ofvtroubleo a d by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdde to sloep. no more. andfby t sleep to say wr eno.athe hexttacae and the thouswsd naturjl shockn.
gen: 1899 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bo that iszthe queitio .wwhether tis .opler in tje cinnftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdacrows of octragewup fvltune. o.xto xart arml kgainstol sea ofvtroubleo aad by oxpysinkwend them.vtogdme to sldep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wr enp.athe hexjtacae and the thoustsd naturul shockn.
gen: 1900 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bi that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvashdairows of octragewul fvltune. o.oto cazt arms jgainstml sea ofvtroubleo ajd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdqe to sleep. no more. andfby e sleep to say wr eno.athe hexktacae and the thoususd naturdl shockn.
gen: 1901 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bw that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvadhdawrows of octragewul fvltune. o.xto sazt armx sgainstml sea ofvtroubleo ald by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdae to slaep. no more. andfby o sleep to say wr eno.athe hexatacae and the thousgsd natur.l shockn.
gen: 1902 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bj that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvabhdacrows of octragewul fvltune. o.hto oazt arm. ygainstml sea ofvtroubleo aqd by oxp sifkwend them.vtocdue to slwep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr eno.athe hexgtacae and the thousesd naturnl shockn.
gen: 1903 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bj that isjthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvalhdacrows of octragewul fvltune. o.fto wazt armx qgainstml sea ofvtroubleo aid by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdce towslwep. no more. andfby b sleep to say wr eno.athe hexmtacae and the thoustsd naturgl shockn.
gen: 1904 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bl that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvafhdaerows of octragewul fvltune. o.yto qazt armu dgainstml sea ofvtroubleo aed by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdee to slqep. no more. andfby j sleep to say wr eno.athe hexitacae and the thoususd naturxl shockn.
gen: 1905 fit: -57 chromo: to be os not to bp that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvajhdadrows of octragewul fvltune. o.cto wazt armq ngainstml sea ofvtroubleo a.d by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdhe to sltep. no more. andfby o sleep to say wr eno.athe hexntacae and the thousmsd naturhl shockn.
gen: 1906 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bc that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tze cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvaahdalrows of octragewul fvltune. o.gto pazt arm. dgainstml sea ofvtroubleo apd by oxpysinkwend them.vtocdee to slcep. no more. andfby d sleep to say wr eno.athe hexitacae and the thousmsd naturql shockn.
gen: 1907 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bd that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvajhdatrows of octragewul fvltune. o.qto vazt armm cgainstml sea ofvtroubleo apd by oxp sinowend them.vtocdle to slqep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr eno.athe hexmtacae and the thouscsd naturil shockn.
gen: 1908 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bu that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvalhdaurows of octragewul fvltune. o.uto lazt armk againstml sea ofvtroubleo acd by oxp sinowend them.vtocdbe to slrep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr eno.athe hex tacae and the thous.sd naturvl shockn.
gen: 1909 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bv that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvaahdazrows of octragewul fvltune. o.gto nazt armr qgainstml sea ofvtroubleo avd by oxp sinowend them.vtocdbe to slwep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr eno.athe hexetacae and the thousssd naturwl shockn.
gen: 1910 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bf that is.the queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvamhdanrows of octragewul fvltune. o.gto cazt armt pgainstml sea ofvtroubleo abd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdme to slfep. no more. andfby i sleep to say wr eno.athe hexatacae and the thousdsd naturcl shockn.
gen: 1911 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bj that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxva.hdaxrows of octragewul fvltune. o..to qazt armw rgainstml sea ofvtroubleo aed by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdke to slvep. no more. andfby p sleep to say wr eno.athe hexwtacae and the thousmsd naturpl shockn.
gen: 1912 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bh that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvaphdaurows of octragewul fvltune. o.sto oazt armc ggainstml sea ofvtroubleo add by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdne to sloep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr eno.athe hexhtacae and the thouswsd naturjl shockn.
gen: 1913 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bu that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvathdafrows of octragewul fvltune. o.mto eazt armx againstml sea ofvtroubleo aid by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdve to slkep. no more. andfby i sleep to say wr eno.athe hexztacae and the thousssd naturkl shockn.
gen: 1914 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to br that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxva.hda.rows of octragewul fvltune. o.kto bazt armf hgainstml sea ofvtroubleo ayd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdje to sldep. no more. andfby f sleep to say wr eno.athe hexrtacae and the thous sd naturnl shockn.
gen: 1915 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bo that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvathda.rows of octragewul fvltune. o.sto oazt armo qgainstml sea ofvtroubleo a d by oxp sinowend them.vtocdqe to slkep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr eno.athe hexytacae and the thous sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 1916 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bz that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvazhdawrows of oktragewul fvltune. o.hto jazt armf mgainstml sea ofvtroubleo apd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdge to slwep. no more. andfby w sleep to say wr eno.athe hexatacae and the thousesd naturul shockn.
gen: 1917 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bk that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvakhdaurows of octragewul fvltune. o.ito bazt armp mgainstml sea ofvtroubleo apd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdme to sleep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr eno.athe hexztacae and the thouswsd naturgl shockn.
gen: 1918 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bi that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvauhdaxrows of octragewul fvltune. o.gto fazt armz .gainstml sea ofvtroubleo agd by oxp sinowend them.vtocdle to sltep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wv eno.athe hexqtacae and the thousrsd naturhl shockn.
gen: 1919 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bb that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvawhdaxrows of octragewul fvltune. o.jto kazt armu pgainstml sea ofvtroubleo aqd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdoe to sliep. no more. andfby . sleep to say wr eno.athe hexktacae and the thousksd naturul shockn.
gen: 1920 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bv that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdatrows of oktragewul fvltune. o.qto lazt army zgainstml sea ofvtroubleo akd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdse to sldep. no more. andfby i sleep to say wr eno.athe hexotacae and the thousosd naturgl shockn.
gen: 1921 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bn that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvalhdafrows of octragewul fvltune. o.sto uazt armx qgainstml sea ofvtroubleo agd by oxp sinowend them.vtocd e to sloep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr eno.athe hexntacae and the thousasd naturml shockn.
gen: 1922 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bx that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvadhdajrows of octragewul fvltune. o.bto bazt armj tgainstml sea ofvtroubleo akd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdce to slnep. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexstacae and the thousxsd naturkl shockn.
gen: 1923 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bg that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvakhda.rows of octragewul fvltune. o.rto fazt armb pgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxp sinowend them.vtocdce to slcep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr eno.athe hexmtacae and the thouspsd naturwl shockn.
gen: 1924 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bm that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxva hdavrows of octragewul fvltune. o.sto uazt arms xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo ald by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdhe to slzep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr eno.athe hexytacae and the thous.sd naturml shockn.
gen: 1925 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to by that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvavhdazrows of octragewul fvltune. o.tto eazt arms kgainstml sea ofvtroublgo ard by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdke to slpep. no more. andfby g sleep to say wr eno.athe hexdtacae and the thoushsd naturdl shockn.
gen: 1926 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bh that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvapddaxrows of octragewul fvltune. olwto oazt armg ggainstml sea ofvtroubleo ayd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdue to sljep. no more. andfby a sleep to say wr eno.athe hexvtacae and the thouszsd naturrl shockn.
gen: 1927 fit: -56 chromo: to be gq not to bc that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxva.pdaerows of octragewul fvltune. o.nto cazt armp sgainstml sea ofvtroubleo akd by oxp sinkwend them.vtosdte so sliep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wr eno.athe hexvtacae and the thous sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 1928 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bk that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvaoddagrows of octragewul fvltune. ol.to kazt armz pgainstml sea ofvtroubleo aed by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdje to slaep. no more. andfby c sleep to say wr eno.athe hexytacae and the thousbsd naturtl shockn.
gen: 1929 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bq that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjetb sdffek. ghe sldngxvazddadrows of octragewul fvltune. oljto mazt armt bgainstml sea ofvtroubleo agd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocd e to sldep. no more. andfby w sleep toysay wr eno.athe hex tacae and the thousssd natur.l shockn.
gen: 1930 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to be that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinbftb stffek. ghe sldngxvaqhdaqrows of octragewul fvltune. o.nto .azt armk wgainstml sea ofvtroubleo aed by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdce to slaep. no more. andfby d sleep to say wr eno.athe hexytacae and the thoustsd naturtl shockn.
gen: 1931 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bz that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvatddadrows of octragewul fvltune. olato  azt arme zhainstml sea ofvtroubleo aad by oxp sinkwend them.vtosdee to sllep. no more. andfby p sleep to say wb eno.athe hexctacae and the thousksd naturxl shockn.
gen: 1932 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bd that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinbftb stffek. ghe sldngxvafhdalrows of octragewul fvltune. o.qto zazt armb ugainstml sea ofvtroubleo ard by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdge to sleep. no more. andfby j sleep to say wr eno.athe hexltacae and the thousqsd naturxl shockn.
gen: 1933 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to ba that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvarhdahrows of octragewul fvltune. o.kto gazt armc dgainstml sea ofvtroubleo asd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdoe to slwep. no more. andfby p sleep to say wr eno.athe hexktacae and the thousysd naturgl shockn.
gen: 1934 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bu that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvazddamrows of octragewul fvltune. olrto tazt armq sgainstml sea ofvtroubleo akd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdye to sltep. no more. andfby g sleep to say wr eno.athe hexdtacae and the thouswsd naturll shockn.
gen: 1935 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to b  that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvaxddagrows of octragewul fvltune. olmto uazt arma vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo ard by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdte to sl ep. no more. andfby q sleep to say wr eno.athe hexktacae and the thousksd naturcl shockn.
gen: 1936 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bj that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvaoddabrows of octragewul fvltune. okfto hazt armp ugainstml sea ofvtroubleo aod by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdrf to sluep. no more. andfby c sleep to say wr eno.athe hewjtacae and the thousosd naturml shockn.
gen: 1937 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bo that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvayhdakrows of octragewul fvltune. o..to dazt arme vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo azd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdbe to sliep. no more. andfby b sleep to say wr eno.athe hexxtacae and the thoususd naturgl shockn.
gen: 1938 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bc that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvagddasrows of octragewul fvltune. olzto cazt armn jgainstml sea ofvtroubleo avd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdve to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wr eno.athe hexntacae and the thousvsd naturcl shockn.
gen: 1939 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bz that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinbftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvajddabrows of octragewul fvltune. o.sto tazt armj bgainstml sea ofvtroubleo avd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdne to sloep. no more. andfby g sleep to say wr eno.athe hexltacae and the thousptd naturpl shockn.
gen: 1940 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bq that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvakddayrows of octragewul fvltune. olito .azt armq fgainstml sea ofvtroubleo atd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdhe to sljep. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexztacae and the thouspsd naturnl shockn.
gen: 1941 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bj that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvaiddasrows of octragewul fvltune. olvto razt arml xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo atd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdde to slzep. no more. andfby f sleep to say wr eno.athe hexjtacae and the thousnsd naturtl shockn.
gen: 1942 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to br that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvaaddairows of octragewul fvltune. oljto vazt armk .gainstml sea ofvtroubleo aad by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdge to sl ep. no more. andfby k sleep to say wr eno.athe hexvtacae and the thousssd naturtl shockn.
gen: 1943 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bt that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvakddazrows of octragewul fvltune. olkto lazt armw vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo atd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdte to sliep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wr eno.athe hex tacae and the thousisd naturql shockn.
gen: 1944 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bi that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvahddamrows of octragewul fvltune. ollto kazt armb zgainstml sea ofvtroubleo aud by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdxe to sllep. no more. andfby i sleep to say wr eno.athe hexntacae and the thouszsd naturel shockn.
gen: 1945 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bs that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvaqdda rows of octragewul fvltune. olhto oazt armj fgainstml sea ofvtroubleo aqd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdae to slaep. no more. andfby . sleep to say wr eno.athe hexvtacae and the thouszsd naturxl shockn.
gen: 1946 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bz that iszthe queatyo .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvawddakrows of octragexul fvltune. olxto oazt armq ugainstml sea ofvtroubleo aqd by oxp sinkwend them.xtocdge to slnep  no more. andfby k sleep to say wr eno.athe hexotacae and the thousrsd naturjl shockn.
gen: 1947 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bh that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvaxddakrows of octragewul fvltune. ol.to vazt arml ugainstml sea ofxtroubleo awd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdce to sluep. no more. andfby j sleep.to say wr eno.athe hexltacae and the thoushsd naturtl shockn.
gen: 1948 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bm that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinbftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvaadda.rows of octragewul fvltune. o.yto yazt armi rgainstml sea ofxtroubleo atd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdhe to slrep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr eno athe hexatacae and the thousutd naturll shockn.
gen: 1949 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bt that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvatddarrows of octragewul fvltune. olpto nazt armu tgainstml sea ofvtroubleo axd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdwe to slkep. no more. andfby p sleep to say wr eno.athe hexetacae and the thousasd naturjl shockn.
gen: 1950 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to ba that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvaudda rows of octragewul fvltune. olzto .azt armf vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo a d by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdze to slcep. no more. andfby h sleep to say wr eno.athe hexstacae and the thousgsd naturdl shockn.
gen: 1951 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bn that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvahddaerows of octraeewul fvltune. olato jazt armd vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo ald by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdge to slvep. no more. andfby e sleep to say wr eno.athe hexntacae and the thouscsd naturcl shockn.
gen: 1952 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bp that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxva.ddaarows of octragewul fvltune. olfto aazt armr vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo agd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdqe to sl.ep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr eno.athe hexutacae and the thouswsd naturml shockn.
gen: 1953 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to b. that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxxamddaorows of octragewul fvltune. o.jto bazt arma cgainstml sea ofvtroubleo aod by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdje to sleep. no more. andfby n sleep to say wr eno.athe hexdtacae and the thous sd naturll shockn.
gen: 1954 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bm that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvaaddalrows of octragewul fvltune. olhto kazt armt .gainstml sea ofvtroubleo awd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdue to sl.ep. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexutacae and the thoushsd naturul shockn.
gen: 1955 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bp that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvamddahrows of octragewul fvltune. olyto kazt armm ygainstml sea ofvtroubleo acd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdwe to slpep. no more. andfby k sleep to say wr eno.athe hex tacae and the thoushsd naturgl shockn.
gen: 1956 fit: -56 chromo: to be os not to bf that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvabddalrows of octragewul fvltune. o.vto jazt arm. vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo abd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdme to sljep. no more. andfby o sleep to say wr eno.athe hexjtacae and the thousxsd naturyl shockn.
gen: 1957 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bd that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis kohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvakddadrows of octragewul fvltune. olxto lazt armw ogainstml sea ofvtroubleo aid by oxpssinkwend them.vtocdde to sleep. no more. andfby c sleep to say wr eno.athe hexvtacae and the thousysd naturql shockn.
gen: 1958 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bp that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sddngxvaiddadrows of oatragewul fvltune. oljto pazt armu sgainstml sea ofvtroubleo azd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdme to slfep. no more. andfby f sleep to say wr eno.athe hexwtacae and the thousisd naturul shockn.
gen: 1959 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bk that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvawddalrows of octragewul fvltune. olrto oazt armn vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo awd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdce to slyep. no more. andfby b sleep to say wr eno.athe hexhtacae and the thousxsd natur.l shockn.
gen: 1960 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bd that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvazddatrows of octragewul fvjtune. olito zazt arma vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo brd by oxpssinkwend them.vtocdme to slaep. no more. andfby j sleep to say wr eno.athe hexjtacae and the thousgsd naturxl shockn
gen: 1961 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bo that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvafddacrows of octragewul fvltune. ollto razt armu ugainstml sea ofvtroubleo apd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdte to slqep. no more. andfby x sleep to say wr eno.athe hexstacae and the thousqsd naturtl shockn.
gen: 1962 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bz that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvamdcarrows of octragewul fvltune. olito eazt armx vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo aed by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdve to slfep. no more. andfby . sleep to say wr eno.athe hexgtacae and the thousysd naturcl shockn.
gen: 1963 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bj that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvafddaerows of octragewul fvltune. oljto mazt armm wgainstml sea ofvtroubleo aod by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdse to sltep. no more. andfby c sleep to say wr eno.athe hex tacae and the thous.sd naturil shockn.
gen: 1964 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to be that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvanddayrows of octragewul fvltune. ol to kazt armt sgainstml sea ofvtroubleo apd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdde to sljep. no more. andfby t sleep to say wr eno.athe hexgtacae and the thous.sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 1965 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bv that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie kinjftb sdffek. hhe sldngxvandcazrows of octragewul fvltune. o.uto qazt armc vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo add by oxpssin wend them.vtocdwm to sllep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr eno.athe hexbtacae and the thousvsd naturrl shockn.
gen: 1966 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bo that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvamdcagrows of octragewul fvltune. o.gto qazt armb qgainstmk sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssinywend them.vtocdqe to slhep. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexztacae and the thousasd naturql shockf.
gen: 1967 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bc that iszthe queatio .wwpether tis lohler in tje kinjftb sdffek. hhe sldngxvandcanrows of octragewul fxltune. o.pto wazt armv vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo atd by oxp sin wend them.vtocdhe to slfep. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.athe hexytacae and the thous sd naturql shockn.
gen: 1968 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bf that iszthe queatio .wwpether tis lohler in tje kinjftb sdffek. hhe sldngxvandcaarows of octragewul fxltune. o.lto fazt armd vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo aod by oxp sin wend them.vtocdde to slyep. no more. andfby l sleep to say wr eno.athe hexjtacae and the thousgsd naturql shockn.
gen: 1969 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to by that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. hhe sldngxvahdcairows of octragewul fvltune. ol to .azt arma qgainstml sea ofvtroubleo ahd by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdje to slpep. no more. andfby k sleep to say wr enp.athe hexvtacae and the thousvsd neturol shockn.
gen: 1970 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bz that iszthe aueatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcalrows of octragewul fvdtune. o.lto hazt armn qgainstmk sea ofvtroubleo and bz oxp sinywend them.vtocdre to slyep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wr eno.athe hexktacee and the thouszsd naturol shockn.
gen: 1971 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bb that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvanddawrows of octragexul fxltune. o.bto.razt armr vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo add by oxp sinkwend them.vtocdve to slgep. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr eno.bthe hewxtacae and the thousvsd naturml shockn.
gen: 1972 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bw that iszthe qqeatio .uwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek.khhe sldngxvandda rows of octragewul fvjtune. o.jto yazt armh vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo atd by oxp sin wend them.vtocdbe to slhep. no more. andfby . sleep to say wr eno.athe hexptacae and the thousnsd natursl shockn.
gen: 1973 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bz that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcacrows of octragewul fvltune. o.lto kazt arms qgainstmk sea ofvtroubleo aed by oxpssinywend them.vtocdle to slxep. no more. andfby a sleep to say wr eno.athe hexetacae and the thousqsd naturql shockf.
gen: 1974 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bx that islthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb.sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcahrows of octragewul fvltune. o.cto pazt armr vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo aqd by oxp sin wend them.vtocd.e to slzep. no more. andfby   sleep to say wr eno.athe hewgtacae and the thoushsd natural shockn.
gen: 1975 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to b. that isgthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb.sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcaerows of octragewul fvltune. o.qto pazt arma vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo azd by oxp sin wend them.vtocdbe to slyep. no more. andfby o sleep to say wr eno.athe hewktacae and the thoususd naturrl shockn.
gen: 1976 fit: -55 chromo: toybe os not to bp that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftj sdffek.yhhe sldngxvandcanrows of octragewul fvjtune. o.jto  azt armv vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxp sin wend them.vtocdee to slsep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr eno.athe hexntacae and the thouscsd naturxl shockn.
gen: 1977 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bq that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie kinjftb sdffek. hhe sldngxvandcaorows of octrbgewul fvltune. o.nto aazt armx vgainstmk sea ofvtroubleo ajd by oxpssinywend them.vtocdje to slqep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr eno.athe hexntacae and the thousisd naturyl shockn.
gen: 1978 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bh that isethe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb.sdffek. ghe sldngxvanddaurows of octragewup fvltune. o.cto oazt armz vgainstmd sea ofvtroubleo and by oxp sin wend them.vtocdse to sljep. no more..andfby y sleep to say wr eno.bthe hewgtacae and the thousmsd naturzl shockn.
gen: 1979 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bn that isathe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb.sdffek. ghe sldngxvanddabrows of octragewup fvltune. o.kto oazt arm. vgainstmd sea ofvtroubleo and by oxp sin wend them.vtocdfe to slrep. no more..andfby p sleep to say wr eno.bthe hewvtacae and the thousjsd naturtl shockn.
gen: 1980 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bk that iszthe quebtio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvanddarrows of octragewup fvltune. olrto  azt arm  vgainstmd sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend xhem.vtocdhe to sleep. no mnre. andfby n sleep to sai wr eno.athe hexqtacae and the thousysd natur l shockn.
gen: 1981 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bl that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvafdcalrows of octragewul fvltune. o.nto uazt armi qgainstmk sea ofvtroubleo ayd by oxpssinywend them.vtocdqe to sldep. no more. andfby d sleep to say wr eno.athe hexdtacae and the thousmsd natur l shockf.
gen: 1982 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bp that iszthe queatmo .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxrandcazrows of octragewul fvltune. o.uto bazt arml vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by owpssin wend them.vtocdqe to sl.ep. no more. andfby c sleep to say wr enp.athe hexktacae and the thousesd naturcl shockn.
gen: 1983 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to by that iszthe queatmo .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxrandca rows of octragewul fvltune. o.vto jazt armk vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by owpssin wend them.vtocdwe to sljep. no more. andfby . sleep to say wr enp.athe hexqtacae and the thousksd naturml shockn.
gen: 1984 fit: -55 chromo: toybe os not to bp that islthe queatio .wwhether tis loxler in tje cinjftb sdffek. hhe sldnhxvandcabrows gf octragewul fvjtune. o.xto wazt armu qgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxp sin wend them.vtocdce to slaep. no more. andfby h sleep to say wr eno.athe hewctacae and the thousjsd naturtl shockn.
gen: 1985 fit: -55 chromo: to be os.not to bf that isothe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcacrows of octragewul fvltune. o.ito tazt arme vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdde to slzep. no more. andfby c sleep to say wr eno.athe hexwtacae and the thous.sd naturml shockn.
gen: 1986 fit: -55 chromo: to be os.not to bw that isuthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcaurows of octragewul fvltune. o.cto mazt arms vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdme to sluep. no more. andfby a sleep to say wr eno.athe hexdtacae and the thousssd naturbl shockn.
gen: 1987 fit: -55 chromo: to be os.not to bg that issthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcajrows of octragewul fvltune. o.sto tazt armv vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdfe to slcep. no more. andfby b sleep to say wr eno.athe hexytacae and the thousysd naturrl shockn.
gen: 1988 fit: -55 chromo: to be os.not to bb that isnthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcayrows of octragewul fvltune. o.xto oazt armr vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdfe to slcep. no more. andfby q sleep to say wr eno.athe hexptacae and the thousqsd naturml shockn.
gen: 1989 fit: -55 chromo: to fe os not to b  tpat isothe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie dinjftj sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcavrows of octragewul fvjtune. o.zto eazt armv qgainstml sea ofvtroubleg and by oxpssinhwend them.vtocdee to sljep. no more. andfby g sleep to say wr eno.athe hewytacae and the thousmsd natur.l shockn.
gen: 1990 fit: -55 chromo: to be os.not to bx that isathe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcajrows of octragewul fvltune. o. to sazt armo vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdwe to slgep. no more. andfby j sleep to say wr eno.athe hexptacae and the thousrsd natursl shockn.
gen: 1991 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bn that iszthe queatio .wwhethet tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek.yhhe sldngxvandca rows of octragewul fvjtune. o.vto fazt armz vgainstmk sea ofvtroubleo and by oxp sin wend them.vtocdxe to slgep. no more. andfby   sleep to say wr eno.athe hexltacae and the thousesd naturwl shockn.
gen: 1992 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bq that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie dinjftj qtffek. hhe sldngxvandcaqrows of octragewul fvltune. o.wto hazt armq vgainstml sea ofvtrovbleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdke to sldep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr eno.athe hexbtacae and the thoususd naturkl shockn.
gen: 1993 fit: -55 chromo: to be os.not to by that isothe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandca.rows of octragewul fvltune. o..to dazt armt vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdce to sleep. no more. andfby q sleep to say wr eno.athe hexvtacae and the thousdsd naturhl shockn.
gen: 1994 fit: -55 chromo: to be os.not to by that issthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcafrows of octragewul fvltune. o.hto aazt arme vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdte to sldep. no more. andfby p sleep to say wr eno.athe hexrtacae and the thoususd naturil shockn.
gen: 1995 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bs that iszthe queatmo .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxrandcarrows of octragewul fvltune. o. to .azt armc vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by owpssin wend them.vtocdie to slsep. no more. andfby f sleep to say wr enp.athe hex.tacae and the thousdsd naturhl shockn.
gen: 1996 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bv that iszthe queatmo .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxrandca rows of octragewul fvltune. o.oto eazt arms vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by owpssin wend them.vtocdue to sljep. no more. andfby o sleep to say wr enp.athe hexjtacae and the thousesd naturql shockn.
gen: 1997 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to b  that iszthe queatioq.wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe slbngxvandkatrows mf octragewul fvltune. o.vto sazt armd vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxp sin wend them.vtocdze to slgep. no more. andfby p sleep to say wr eno.athe hexgtacee and the thousssd naturwl shockn.
gen: 1998 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to br that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxrandcaqrows of octragewul fvltune. o.vto lazt army vgainstml sea ofvtroqbleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdne to slkep. no more. andfby i sleep to say wr enp.athe hexxtacae and the thousesd naturyl shockn.
gen: 1999 fit: -55 chromo: to be os.not to ba that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tje cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxrandcahrows of octragewul fvltune. o.gto dazt armj vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdye to slqep. no more. qndfby b sleep to say wr eno.athe hexctacae and the thouslsd natural shockn.
gen: 2000 fit: -55 chromo: to be os.not to ba that isathe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcasrows of octragewul fvltune. o.uto uazt armm vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdze to slfep. no more. andfby d sleep to say wr eno.athe hexrtacae and the thouspsd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2001 fit: -55 chromo: to be ot not to bb that iszthe quectio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcaerows mf octragewul fvltune. o. to eazt armd vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by owpssin wfnd them.vtocd e to slxep. no more. andfby b sleep to say wr enp.athe hexvtacae and txe thousgsd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2002 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bi that isfthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie dinjftb sdffek. ghe slbngxvandcaqrows of octragewul bvltune. o.fto cazt armi vgainstml sea ofrtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdie to sleep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr eno.athe hewytacee and the thous.sd natur l shockn.
gen: 2003 fit: -55 chromo: to be os.not to bf that isqthe quebtio .wwhether tis .ohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcazrows of octragewul fvltune. o. to dazt armb vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdae to slxep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr eno.athe hexptacae and the thousysd naturrl shockj.
gen: 2004 fit: -55 chromo: to re os not to be that isithe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcanrows of octragewul fvltune. o.yto nazt armb vgainstpl sea ofrtroubleo and by oxpssin wfnd them.vtocdie to slkep. no more. andfjy l sleep to say wr enp.athe hewttacbe and the thousisd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2005 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bh that isxthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcajrows of octragewul fvltune. o.xto dazt arms vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdye to slxep. no more. andfby e sleep to say wr enp.athe hewotacae and the thousosd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2006 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to by that isfthe queatiop.wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffekl hha sldngxvandcaprows of octragewul fvltune. o..to qazt arml vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdre to slcep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wr enm.athe hewntacae and the thouspsd natural shockn.
gen: 2007 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bu that is.the queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcalrows of octragewwl fvltune. o.kto .azt armt vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdte to slyep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wr enp.athe hewvtacae and the thousssd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2008 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to by that isvthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcairows of octragewwl fvltune. o.uto yazt armi vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdae to slcep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr enp.athe hewytacae and the thousisd natursl shockn.
gen: 2009 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bf that iswthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcanrows of octragewul fvltune. o.eto pazt armj vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdde to slcep. no more. andfby p sleep to say wr enm.athe hewctccae and the thousqsd naturol shockn.
gen: 2010 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bm that isgthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcavrows of octragewul fvltune. o.nto tazt armr vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdae to slxep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wr enp.athe hew.tacae and the thousysd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2011 fit: -55 chromo: to be os.not to bb that isnthe queatio .wwhether tis .ohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcaerows of octragewul fvltune. o.vto pazt armu vgainstml sea ofvtroublek and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdae to slfep. noymore. andfby e sleep to say wr eno.athe hex tacae and the thousnsd naturdl shockj.
gen: 2012 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bk that isgthe quebtio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcaxross of octragewul fvltune. o.jto qazt armt vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocd.e to slvep. no more. andfby f sleep to say wr enp.athe hewktacae and the thousysd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2013 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bb that isfthe quebtio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcaqross of octragewul fvltune. o.nto yazt armb vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocd e to sluep. no more. andfby   sleep to say wr enp.athe hewstacae and the thousqsd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2014 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bs that isbthe quebtio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcaoross of octragewul fvltune. o.wto razt arm  vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdye to slfep. no more. andfby q sleep to say wr enp.athe hewntacae and the thous.sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2015 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bp that isgthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcakrows of octragewul fvltune. o.qto sazb armn vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by ohpssin wend them.vtocdee to sleep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr enp.athe hewctacie and the thousksd natural shocin.
gen: 2016 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to be that isfthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxuandcairows of octragewul fvltune. o.oto razt armg vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wendkthem.vtocdee to sllep. no more. andfby e sleep to say wr enp.athe hewdtacae and the shousxsd naturil shockn.
gen: 2017 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bq that isathe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandca.rows of octragewul fvltune. o.yto mazt arml vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdne to sllep. no more. andfby b sleep to say wr enp.athe hewytacae and the thousisd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2018 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bo that isvthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcarrows of octragewul fvltune. o.bto vazt armb vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdhe to sldep. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr enp.athe hewqtacae and the thouszsd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2019 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to b. that iskthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcalrows of octragewul fvltune. o.vto bazt armr vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdbe to sliep. no more. andfby p sleep to say wr enp.athe hewjtacae and the thousssd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2020 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bf that is.the queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcayrows of octragewul fvltune. o.yto hazt armv vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdge to slwep. no more. andfby l sleep to say wr enp.athe hew.tacae and the thouslsd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2021 fit: -55 chromo: to be os not to bl that ismthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcawrows of octragewul fvltune. o.ito oazt arma vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdwe to slbep. no more. andfby q sleep to say wr enp.athe hew.tacae and the thousksd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2022 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bf that ispthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe slbngxvandcasrows of octragewul fvltune. o.cto uazt armi vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdge to slvep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wr enp.athe hewatacae and the thousgsd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2023 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bs that isgthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe slbngxvandcaerows of octragewul fvltune. o.xto tazt arm  vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdse to slaep. no more. andfby q sleep to say wr enp.athe hewstacae and the thousvsd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2024 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bg that isvthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandca.rows of octragewul fvltune. o.lto .azt armf vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdke to slzep. no more. andfby g sleep to say wr enp.athe hewxtacae and the thouszsd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2025 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bf that isethe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcanrows of octragewul fvltune. o.ito mazt armr vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdpe to sltep. no more. andfby k sleep to say wr enp.athe hew tacae and the thous sd natursl shockn.
gen: 2026 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bb that isathe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe slbngxvandcaqrows of octragewul fvltune. o.sto jazt armj vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdve to sldep. no more. andfby h sleep to say wr enp.athe hewotacae and the thouscsd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2027 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to by that isfthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe slbngxvandcarrows of octragewul fvltune. o.zto tazt armc vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdie to sljep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wr enp.athe hewjtacae and the thousasd naturql shockn.
gen: 2028 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bt that isrthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe slbngxvandcazrows of octragewul fvltune. o.ito qazt armf vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdje to slbep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hewytacae and the thousgsd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2029 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to br that ishthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe slbngxvandcanrows of octragewul fvltune. o.yto zazt armz vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdee to slsep. no more. andfby f sleep to say wr enp.athe hewhtacae and the thoustsd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2030 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bt that is.the queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandca.rows of octragewul fvltune. o.lto iazt armf vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocd e to slqep. no more. andfby f sleep to say wr enp.athe hewotacae and the thousmsd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2031 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bb that iswthe quebtio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcaarows of octragewul fvltune. o.ato xazt arml vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdte to slbep. no more. andfby c sleep to say wr enp.athe dewatacae and the thous sd naturul shockn.
gen: 2032 fit: -54 chromo: to be os nor to bc that iskthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcatrows of octragewul fvltune. o.eto vazt army vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocd e to slkep. no more. andfby d sleep to say wr enp.athe hew tacae and the thoustsd naturll shockn.
gen: 2033 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bq that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcarrows of octragewul fvltune. o.gto fazt armn vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdse to sljep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hewitacae and the thouscsd naturql shockn.
gen: 2034 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bp that iskthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe slbngxvanddanrows of octragewul fvltune. o.nto eazt armh vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdhe to slzep. mo more. andfby f sleep to say wr eno.athe hewktacqe and the thousxsd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2035 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bz that iswthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcahrows of octragewul fvltune. o.pto oazt arms vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdle to slkep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wr enp.athe hewptacae and the thousysd naturll shockn.
gen: 2036 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to br that islthe quebtio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcarrows of octragewul fvltune. o.zto sazt arma vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdve to sl ep. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr enp.athe hewltacae and the thousqsd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2037 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bj that isfthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcafrows of octragewul fxltune. o.eto oart armh vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdqe to sl ep. no more. andfby c sleep to say wr enp.athe hewktacae and the thousasd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2038 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bf that isuthe quedtio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcalrows of octragewul fvltune. o.kto uazt arm  vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxptsin wend them.vtocdce to sliep. no more. andfby p sleep to say wr enp.athe hewitacae and the thousmsd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2039 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bo that isvthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcadrows of octragewul fxltune. o.hto oart armq vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin  end them.vtocdpe to slmep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hewatacae and the thousbsd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2040 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bw that ismthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcazrows of octragewul fxltune. o.bto fart armd vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdje to slaep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hewdtacae and the thousesd naturul shockn.
gen: 2041 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bm that islthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcacrows of octragewul fxltune. o.hto vart army vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdpe to slcep. no more. andfby w sleep to say wr enp.athe hewjtacae and the thousosd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2042 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to ba that isfthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcabrows of octragewul fxltune. o..to rart armw vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdfe to sl.ep. no more. andfby i sleep to say wr enp.athe hewxtacae and the thousdsd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2043 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bc that isythe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcarrows of octragewul fxltune. o.pto vart armw vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdoe to slwep. no more. andfby t sleep to say wr enp.athe hew tacae and the thousbsd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2044 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bl that ispthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxfandcagrows of octragewul fvltune. o.qto gazt arm. vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdje to slqep. no more. andfby c sleep to say wr enp.athe hewltacae and the thousesd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2045 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bk that isrthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcalrows of octragewul fxltune. o. to xart armw vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin yend them.vtocdae to sluep. no more. andfby g sleep to say wr enp.athe hewptacae and the thousmsd naturul shockn.
gen: 2046 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bn that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe slbngxvandcaqrows of octragewul fvltune. o.qto zazt armm vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by ohpssin wend them.vtocdwe to slrep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wr enp.athe hewitacae and the thous.sd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2047 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bb that isbthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxfandcaprows of octragewul fvltune. o.wto tazt armf vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdge to sliep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr enp.athe hewmtacae and the thoustsd natursl shockn.
gen: 2048 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bz that isqthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe slbngxvandcaorows of octragewul fvltune. o.qto eazt armm vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by ohpssin wend them.vtocdse to sloep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr enp.athe hewdtacae and the thousbsd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2049 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bm that iszthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffak. ohe sldngxfandcalrows of octragewul fvltune. o.mto qazt arms vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin xend thee.vtocdne to sl.ep. no more. andfby n sleep to say wr enp.athe hewztacae and the thousbsd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2050 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bf that isothe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcayrows of octragewul fxltune. o.xto sart arma vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin lend them.vtocdze to slhep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hewetacae and the thousrsd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2051 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bc that isithe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcahrows of octragewul fxltune. o.vto lart armr vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin .end them.vtocdue to slvep. no more. andfby k sleep to say wr enp.athe hewttacae and the thouscsd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2052 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bc that isxthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxbandcaqrows of octragewul fvltune. o.uto uazt armr vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdje to slbep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hewjtacae and the thouswsd natur l shockn.
gen: 2053 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bn thct islthe quedtio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcawrows of oatragewul fvltune. o.fto yazt arme vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by ohpssin wend them.vtocdue to sltep. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr enp.athe hewvtacae and the thoushsd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2054 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bf that isythe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe slbngxvandcayrows of octragewul fvltune. o.fto mazt armm vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by ohpssin wend them.vtocdpe to sldep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr enp.athe hewotacae and the thousfsd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2055 fit: -54 chromo: to be oq not to bx that isrthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandca rows of oatragewul fvltune. o.zto yazt armw vgainstil sea ofvtroubleo and by ohpssin wend them.vtocdie to slpep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wr enp.athe hewntacae and the thousvsd naturul shockn.
gen: 2056 fit: -54 chromo: to be oq not to bx that ispthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcanrows of oatragewul fvltune. o.jto cazt armh vgainstil sea ofvtroubleo and by ohpssin wend them.vtocdqe to slbep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr enp.athe hewwtacae and the thousvsd natural shockn.
gen: 2057 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bc that isuthe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcahrows of octragewul fxltune. o.fto yart arma vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin hend them.vtocdje to slkep. no more. andfby n sleep to say wr enp.athe hewdtacae and the thousisd natur l shockn.
gen: 2058 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bf that isbthe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcatrows of octragewul fxltune. o.tto iart armh vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin jend them.vtocd e to sloep. no more. andfby e sleep to say wr enp.athe hewwtacae and the thousbsd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2059 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bk that isgthe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcalrows of octragewul fxltune. o.cto .art armm vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin lend them.vtocdde to slzep. no more. andfby w sleep to say wr enp.athe hewatacae and the thousrsd natursl shockn.
gen: 2060 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to be that isethe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxfandcasrows of octragewul fvltune. o.uto iazt armh vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdie to slzep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hewwtacae and the thousbsd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2061 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to be that isfthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxfandca rows of octragewul fvltune. o.sto sazt arms vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdse to sl ep. no more. andfby i sleep to say wr enp.athe hew.tacae and the thousmsd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2062 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bc that isqthe quedtio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcafrows of oatragewul fvltune. o.kto gazt arme vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by ohpssin wend them.vtocdae to slnep. no more. andfby l sleep to say wr enp.athe hewltacae and the thousosd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2063 fit: -54 chromo: to be oc not to b  that isvthe quedtio .wwhether tis pofler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcadroas of oatragewul fvltune. o.eto hazt armt vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by ohpssin wend them.vtocdfe to slzep. no more. andfby k sleep to say wr enp.athe hewwtacae and the thousesd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2064 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bh that isbthe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcayrows of octragewul fxltune. o.sto part armi vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin mend them.vtocdle to sliep. no more. andfby f sleep to say wr enp.athe hewwtacae and the thoushsd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2065 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bs that isythe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcajrows of octragewul fxltune. o.cto nart arms vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdke to slxep. no more. andfby d sleep to say wr enp.athe hewltacae and the thousxsd naturel shockn.
gen: 2066 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bx that ishthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe slbngxvandcamrows of octragewul fvltune. o.hto .azt arme vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdue to slhep. no more. andfby l sleep to say wr enp.athe hew tacae and the thoususd natur l shockn.
gen: 2067 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to by that isothe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcanrows of octragewul fvltune. o.lto fart armw vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by odpssin wend them.vtocdwe to slaep. no more. andfby f sleep to say wq enp.athe hewztacae and the thousrtd naturil shockn.
gen: 2068 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to br that isfthe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcaarows of octragewul fxltune. o.dto fart armu vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin kend them.vtocdde to sliep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr enp.athe hewotacae and the thousksd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2069 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to by that iskthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cjnjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcakrows of oatragewuj fvltune. o.oto jazt armt vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdhe to sleep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wr enp.athe hewftacae and the thouszsd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2070 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bu that isdthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcasrows of octragewul fvltune. o.xto xazt armk vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by ohpssin wend them.vtocdee to slrep. no more. andfby . sleep to say wr enp.athe hew.tacae and the thouscsd naturql shockn.
gen: 2071 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bk tgat iscthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcakrows of octragewul fxltune. o.ato .art arm. vgainstvl sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin vend them.vtocdte to slrep. no more. andfby . sleep to say wq enp.athe hewatacae and the thouswsd naturml shockn.
gen: 2072 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bv that isxthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftq scffek. ohe sldngxvandcamrows of octragewul fxltune. o. to iart armz vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin hend them.vtocd.e to slhep. no more. andfby w sleep to say wr enp.athe hewstacae and the thousdsd natural shockn.
gen: 2073 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bs that isgthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcaorows of octragewul fvltune. o.mto aazt armf vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by ohpssin wend them.vtocdqe to slvep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wr enp.athe hew.tacae and the thousgsd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2074 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bw that iscthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcakrows of octragewul fvltune. o.uto kazt armo vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by ohpssin wend them.vtocdme to slkep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hewutacae and the thousfsd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2075 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bk that isvthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcaxrows of octragewul fvltune. o..to oert armc vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by odpssin wend them.vtocdse to slhep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wq enp.athe hewjtacae and the thousgtd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2076 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bi that is.the queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcaurows of octragewul fxltune. o.zto rart arm  vgainstml sea ofutroubleo and by odpssin wend them.vtocdde to sl ep. no more. andfby p sleep to say wr enp.athe hewytacae and the thousrsd naturml shockn.
gen: 2077 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bp that isbthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcakrows of octragewul fvltune. o.xto lazt arm  vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by ohpssin wend them.vtocdse to slwep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr enp.athe hewotacae and the thousqsd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2078 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bj that iszthe queatio .wwhether ti  lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcaurows of octragewul fvltune. o.jto gart armh vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oppssin wend them.vtocdte to sl.ep. no more. andfby h sleep to say wr enp.athe hewxtacae and the thous.td naturkl shockn.
gen: 2079 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bt that isethe queatio .wwhether ti  lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcayrows of octragewul fvltune. o.xto xart arm. vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oppssin wend them.vtocdne to sl.ep. no more. andfby e sleep to say wr enp.athe hewttacae and the thousjtd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2080 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to by that isrthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcavrows of octragewul fvltune. o.ito yart arm  vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by odpssin wend them.vtocdue to sl ep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wq enp.athe hewdtacae and the thousmtd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2081 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bd that istthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcamrows of octragewul fxltune. o ato oart armj vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin .end them.vtocdue to sl.ep. no more. andfby d sleep to say wr eno.athe hewztacae and the thouszsd natural chockn.
gen: 2082 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to ba that isithe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcayrows of octragewul fvltune. o.eto fazt arma vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by ohpssin wend them.vtocdce to slxep. no more. andfby p sleep to say wr enp.athe hewstacae and the thousmsd naturel shockn.
gen: 2083 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to br that isvthe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcazrows of octragewul fvltune. o.wto uart arma vgainstml sea ofutroubleo and by odpssin wend them.vtocdbe to sloep. no more. andfby t sleep to say wq enp.athe hewitacae and the thousztd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2084 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bd that isgthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcawrows of octragewul fvltune. o..to bazt armi vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by ohpssin wend them.vtocdle to slqep. no more. andfby n sleep to say wr enp.athe hewwtacae and the thousnsd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2085 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bq that is.the queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcaprows of octragewul fxltune. o.lto cart arm  vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.vtocdie to sloep. no more. andfby o sleep to say wr enp.athe hewftacae and the thouscsd.naturjl shockn.
gen: 2086 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bf that isjthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcazrows of octragewul fvltune. o.xto iart armi vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by odpssin wend them.vtocdze to slhep. no more. andfby g sleep to say wq enp.athe hewftacae and the thousmtd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2087 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bz that isythe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcalrows of ostragewul fxltune. o.oto yart arms vgainstml sea ofutroubleo and by odpssin cend them.vtocdke to slvep. no more. andfby h sleep to say wq enp.athe hew tacae and the thousttd natvr l shockn.
gen: 2088 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bg that isuthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcanrows of octragewul fvltune. o.vto pazt armj vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by ohpssin wend them.vtocd.e to slcep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hewltacae and the thousdsd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2089 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b. that is.the queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcayrows of octragewul fvltune. o..to bart armj vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by odpssin wend them.vtocdje to slrep. no more. andfby l sleep to say wq enp.athe hewntacae and the thousbtd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2090 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to by that isnthe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcaqrows of octragewul fvltune. o.jto yart armd vgainstml sea ofutroubleo and by odpssin wend them.vtocdfe to sloep. no more. andfby c sleep to say wq enp.athe hewutacae and the thousatd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2091 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bn that ishthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcazrows of octragewul fvltune. o.fto qazt arml vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by ohpssingwend them.vtocdne to slaep. no more. andfby d sleep to say wr enp.athe hewmtacae and the thouszsd naturml shockn.
gen: 2092 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bq that iswthe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcaprows of octragewul fvltune. o..to lazt armi rgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by odpssin wend them.vtocdoe to sloep. no more. andfby g sleep to say wq enp.athe hewjtacae and the thous td natur l shockn.
gen: 2093 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bs that issthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcaorows of octragewul fvltune. o. to kazt armv vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by ohpssinuwend them.vtocdge to slkep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr enp.athe hewptacae and the thousrsd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2094 fit: -54 chromo: to be ow not to bo that is.the queatio .wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcaurows of ostragewul fxltune. o.xto wart armk vgainstml sea ofutroubleo and by odpssin pend them.utocdge to slgep. no more. andfby   sleep to say wr enp.athe hewmtacae and the thousksd naturml shockn.
gen: 2095 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b. that isxthe queatio .wwhether tis lohler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcakrows of octragewul fvltune. o.mto qazt army vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by ohpssinvwend them.vtocdle to sluep. no more. andfby o sleep to say wr enp.athe hewvtacae and the thousgsd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2096 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bt that isgthe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcajrows of octragewul fxltune. o.mto iart armk vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin .end them.vtocdfe to sl.ep. no more. andfby . sleep to say wr enp.athe hewutacae and the thousxsd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2097 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that iswthe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcakrows of octragewul fvltune. o.wto wazt armw rgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by odpssin wend them.vtocdbe to sljep. no more. andfby k sleep to say wq enp.athe hewotacae and the thoushtd natural shockn.
gen: 2098 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to br that isqthe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcafrows of octragewul fvltune. o.lto  azt armb rgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by odpssin wend them.vtocdze to sllep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wq enp.athe hewstacae and the thousztd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2099 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b. that isathe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcaurows of octragewul fxltune. o. to lart armv vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin kend them.vtocdee to slxep. no more. andfby n sleep to say wr enp.athe hewatacae and the thousqsd naturol shockn.
gen: 2100 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bu that isnthe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftb sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcabrows of octragewul fvltune. o.hto cazt armx rgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by odpssin wend them.vtocdhe to slsep. no more. andfby w sleep to say wq enp.athe hew.tacae and the thous td naturrl shockn.
gen: 2101 fit: -54 chromo: to be ow not to bl that isuthe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcaerows of octragewul fxltune. o.wto bazt armv rgainstml sea ofutroubleo and by odpssin xend them.vtocdte to slsep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hewstacae and the thouswtd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2102 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bm that isythe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcaxrows of octragewul fxltune. o.cto aart armi vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin nend them.vtocdje to slaep. no more. andfby h sleep to say wr enp.athe hewytacae and the thous sd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2103 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bl that isbthe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcadrows of octragewul fxltune. o.nto qart armw vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin yend them.vtocdwe to slqep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hewrtacae and the thousosd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2104 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bm that isxthe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcaurows of octragewul fxltune. o. to zart arm. vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin tend them.vtocd.e to slgep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hewktacae and the thousssd naturil shockn.
gen: 2105 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bu that isathe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcaqrows of octragewul fxltune. o.nto kart armz vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin hend them.vtocdee to slhep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wr enp.athe hewftacae and the thoususd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2106 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to br that isdthe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcazrows of ostragewul fxltune. o.yto cart armk vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdze to sldep. no more. andfby l sleep to say wr enp.athe hewbtacae and the thousisd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2107 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b. that isxthe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcahrows of ostragewul fxltune. o.dto bart armr vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by odpssin wend them.utocdee to sliep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hewftacae and the thouscsd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2108 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bh that iscthe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ghe sldngxvandcalrows of ostragewul fvltune. o.oto kart arma rgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by odpssin wend them.utocdve to slfep. no more. andfby g sleep to say wq enp.athe hewvtacae and the thousvsd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2109 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bl that isrthe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandca.rows of ostragewul fxltune. o.vto nart armt vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by odpssin wend them.utocdce to slvep. no more. andfby t sleep to say wr enp.athe hewotacae and the thousksd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2110 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bf that isjthe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcaorows of octragewul fxltune. o.oto  art army vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin hend them.vtocdoe to slwep. no more. andfby j sleep to say wr enp.athe hewntacae and the thouswsd naturql shockn.
gen: 2111 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bq that isbthe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. phe sldngxvandcaorows.of ostragewul fxltune. o.eto bart armg rgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by odpssin wenc them.utocdre so slfep. no more. andfby a sleep to say wr enp.athe hewytacae aud the thousosd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2112 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bb that iswthe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcamrows of octragewul fxltune. o.eto kart armh vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin aend them.vtocdhe to slrep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hewftacae and the thouspsd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2113 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bm that iskthe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcairows of ostragewul fxltune. o. to sart armr vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin bend them.utocdme to sleep. no more. andfby l sleep to say wr enp.athe hewotacae and the thousjsd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2114 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bg that isathe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcatrows of ostragewul fxltune. o.gto xart armj vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdle to slyep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr enp.athe hewwtacae and the thousfsd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2115 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bs that isnthe queatio .xwhether tis logler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcawrows of ostragewul fxltune. o.gto oard armc vgainstmz sea ofutroubpeo and by odpwsin vend them.vtocdee to slmep. no more. andfby i sleep to say wr enp.athe hewmtacae and the thousjcd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2116 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bi that is.the queatio .wwhether tis lowler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe slhngxvandcalrows of octragewul fvltune. o.eto bart army vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpqsin wend them.vtocdie to slcep. no more. andfby c sleep to say wq enh.athe hewetacae and the thous sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2117 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bq that ishthe queatio .wwhether tis lowler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe slhngxvandcagrows of octragewul fvltune. o.zto yart armb vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpqsin wend them.vtocdme to sliep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wq enh.athe hewutacae and the thousnsd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2118 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b. that isdthe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcaprows of ostragewul fxltune. o.qto iart armu vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin cend them.utocdwe to slbep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wr enp.athe hewktacae and the thousxsd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2119 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bm that isvthe queatio .wwhether tis logler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcairows of octragewul fxltune. o.tto iart armx vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin .end them.vtocdre to slaep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr enp.athe hewztacae and the thousrsd natural shockn.
gen: 2120 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b. that iscthe queatioy.wwhether tis dogler in tye cinjftq sdffek. ohe sldngxvafdcatrows of ostragewul fxltune. o.tto wart armm vgainstml sea ofutroubleo and by oxpssin  end them.utocdse to slpep. no more. andfby g sleep to say wr enp.athe hewjtacae and the thouslqd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2121 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bp that issthe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcanrows of ostragewul fxltune. o.ito nart armg vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin bend them.utocd e to slkep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hewvtacae and the thousjsd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2122 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bx that isfthe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcaorows of ostragewul fxltune. o.zto lart armf vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin gend them.utocdke to slbep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hewttacae and the thousasd naturel shockn.
gen: 2123 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bg that ishthe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcahrows of ostragewul fxltune. o.rto .art army vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin zend them.utocdae to slqep. no more. andfby g sleep to say wr enp.athe hewatacae and the thousvsd natursl shockn.
gen: 2124 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to by that isuthe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcacrows of ostragewul fxltune. o.ato nart armx vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin uend them.utocdte to slmep. no more. andfby j sleep to say wr enp.athe hewztacae and the thousysd natursl shockn.
gen: 2125 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bh that isfthe queatioy.wwhether tis dowler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe slhngxvandcafrows of ostragewul fvltune. o. to nart armz vgainstml sea ofutroubleo and by oxpssin nend them.utocd e to slyep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wq enp.athe hewdtacae and the thousssd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2126 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bo that islthe queatioy.wwhether tis dowler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe slhngxvandcagrows of ostragewul fvltune. o.xto sart armi vgainstml sea ofutroubleo and by oxpssin rend them.utocdze to slyep. no more. andfby a sleep to say wq enp.athe hewotacae and the thous.sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2127 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bx that istthe queatioy.wwhether tis lowler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ohe slhngxvandcaxrows of ostragewul fxltune. o.sto lart armu vgaijstml sea ofutroubleo and.by oxpssin  end them.utosdve to slyep. no more. andeby l sleep to say wq enp.athe hewrtacae and the thousbsd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2128 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bm that isdthe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcahrows of ostragewul fxltune. o.sto  art armo vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin jend them.utocdoe to slmep. no more. andfby w sleep to say wr enp.athe hewltacae and the thousnsd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2129 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bk that isithe queatioy.wwhether tis dogler in tie cinjftq sdffek. ehe sldnwxvandcanrows of ostragewul ftltune. oszto yazt armf vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin lend them.utocdae to slcep. no more. andfby . sleep to say wq enp.athe hewatacae and the thouszsd naturml shockn.
gen: 2130 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bt that isfthe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcasrows of ostragewul fxltune. o.yto rart armz vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin cend them.utocd.e to sl.ep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr enp.athe hewxtacae and the thouslsd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2131 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bq that ishthe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandca.rows of ostragewul fxltune. o.ito .art armr vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin kend them.utocdwe to sllep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wr enp.athe hewptacae and the thouszsd naturol shockn.
gen: 2132 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bq that isjthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sbffei. ohe sldngxvandcagrows of ostragewul fxltune. o.eto nart armh vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdee to slzep. no more. andfby o sleep to say wr enp.athe hewytacae and the thousssd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2133 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bb that islthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sbffei. ohe sldngxvandcalrows of ostragewul fxltune. o.dto iart armj vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdxe to sloep. no more. andfby c sleep to say wr enp.athe hewytacae and the thousbsd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2134 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bc that isothe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcaarows of owtragewul fxltune. o.pto uart arma vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin jend them.utocdte to slyep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wq enp.athe hewctacae and the thouswsd naturul shockn.
gen: 2135 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bp that ispthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcamrows of owtragewul fxltune. o.oto fart armu vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdze to sldep. no more. andfby o sleep to say wr enp.athe hewitacae and the thouslsd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2136 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bx that isythe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcanrows of owtragewul fxltune. o. to xart arml vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdle to slqep. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr enp.athe hewdtacae anc the thousvsd naturml shockn.
gen: 2137 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bz that ishthe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcawrows of ostragewul fxltune. o.yto mart arms vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin hend them.utocdse to slrep. no more. andfby g sleep to say wr enp.athe hewvtacae and the thousqsd naturel shockn.
gen: 2138 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bg that isdthe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcajrows of ostragewul fxltune. o.cto sart arme vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin yend them.utocdze to sljep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hewgtacae and the thous.sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2139 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bm that iscthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sbffei. ohe sldngxvandca.rows of ostragewul fxltune. o.sto  art armh vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdve to slvep. no more. andfby w sleep to say wr enp.athe hewutacae and the thouszsd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2140 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bw that isnthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sbffei. ohe sldngxvandcaorows of ostragewul fxltune. o.bto part armv vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdxe to sluep. no more. andfby a sleep to say wr enp.athe hewptacae and the thous.sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2141 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bm that isfthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sbffei. ohe sldngxvandcasrows of ostragewul fxltune. o.uto kart armv vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdve to slxep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hewztacae and the thousasd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2142 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bp that isithe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcanrows of owtragewul fxltune. o..to yart armz vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdte to slzep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr enp.athe hewatacae and the thousqsd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2143 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b. that iswthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcavrows of owtragewul fxltune. o.sto yart armn vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdme to sltep. no more. andfby t sleep to say wr enp.athe hewstacae and the thousgsd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2144 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to br that isothe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sbffei. ohe sldngxvandcazrows of ostragewul fxltune. o.sto oart armf vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdye to slvep. no more. andfby e sleep to say wr enp.athe hewwtacae and the thousrsd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2145 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bf that ishthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sbffei. ohe sldngxvandcafrows of ostragewul fxltune. o..to iart armd vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdte to slrep. no more. andfby i sleep to say wr enp.athe hewytacae and the thoushsd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2146 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bo that isethe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcaarows of ostragewul fxltune. ocpto rart armn vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin  end them.utocdwe to sllep. no more. andfby o sleep to say wr enp.athe hewdtacae and the thousgsd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2147 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bl that isnthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcakrows of owtragewul fxltune. o.eto iart armh vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdje to slbep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wr enp.athe hewetacae and the thousfsd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2148 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bv that is the queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sbffei. ohe sldngxvandcacrows of ostragewul fxltune. o.hto  art armn vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdce to slpep. no more. andfby b sleep to say wr enp.athe hew tacae and the thouslsd natur l shockn.
gen: 2149 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bo that is the queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcayrows of ostragewul fxltune. ofuto cart armu vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin eend them.utocdie to slcep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hewctacae and the thouslsd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2150 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to be that ispthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcayrows of owtragewul fxltune. o.eto iart armb vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdse to slqep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr enp.athe hewutacae and the thousrsd natursl shockn.
gen: 2151 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to br that isathe queatioy.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcasrows of owtragewul fxltune. o.sto mart armm vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin gend them.utocdce to slvep. no more. andfby p sleepato say wq enp.athe hewvtacae and the thousasd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2152 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bk that isathe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcaxrows of owtragewul fxltune. o.mto  art arm. vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocd.e to sldep. no more. andfby g sleep to say wr enp.athe hew tacae and the thousbsd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2153 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bl that isuthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandca.rows of owtragewul fxltune. o.oto lart arma vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdve to sllep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr enp.athe hewytacae and the thousvsd naturml shockn.
gen: 2154 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to by that iszthe queatioz.wwhethur tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcayrows of owtragewul fxltune. o..to zart armd vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdje to slyep. no more. andfby i sleep to say wr enp.athe hewitacae and the thousmsd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2155 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bp that istthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcaorows of owtragewul fxltune. o..to hart armn vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdse to slyep. no more. andfby l sleep to say wr enp.athe hewgtacae and the thousvsd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2156 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b. that isfthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcaerows of owtragewul fxltune. o.sto eart armk vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin dend them.utocdee to slvep. no more. andeby z sleep to say wq enp.athe hexftacae and the thousosd naturll shockn.
gen: 2157 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to be that ismthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngxvandcalrows of owtragewul fxltune. oocto cart armq vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdxe to sluep. no iore. andfby a sleep to say wr enp.athe hewxtacae and the thousgsd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2158 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bb that isathe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcaorows of owtragewul fxltune. o.kto dart armc vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdne to slvep. no more. andfby w sleep to say wr enp.athe hewstacae and the thouszsd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2159 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bv that ispthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcaurows of owtragewul fxltune. o.zto cart armw vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdqe to slvep. no more. andfby a sleep to say wr enp.athe hewdtacae and the thousbsd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2160 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bm that isuthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcamrows of owtragewul fxltune. o.fto .art armq vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdhe to sleep. no more. andeby p sleep to say wr enp.athe hewwtacae and the thous.sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2161 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to be that isrthe queasioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinnfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcazrows of owtragewul fxltune. o.cto jart armd vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdje to sluep. no more. andfby x sleep to say wr enp.athe hewztacae and the thousxsd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2162 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bw that iskthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcacrows of owtragewul fxltune. o.lto vart armu vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocd.e to sloep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wr enp.athe hewmtacae and the thousqsd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2163 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that isnthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcarrows of owtragewul fxltune. o.xto vart armh vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdfe to sleep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr enp.athe hewxtacae and the thousmsd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2164 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bk that isathe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcajrows of owtragewul fxltune. o.kto jart armv vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocd.e to sltep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wr enp.athe hewntacae and the thousdsd naturil shockn.
gen: 2165 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bn that iscthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngwvandcafrows of owtragewul fxltune. o.gto kart armb vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdve to sliep. no more. andeby i sleep to say wr enp.athe hewntacae and the thoususd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2166 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bq that isxthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngwvandcacrows of owtragewul fxltune. o.sto nart armr vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdze to sldep. no more. andeby j sleep to say wr enp.athe hewitacae and the thousssd naturol shockn.
gen: 2167 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to br that isrthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngwvandcacrows of owtragewul fxltune. o..to  art arms vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdhe to slgep. no more. andeby e sleep to say wr enp.athe hewjtacae and the thousssd naturil shockn.
gen: 2168 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bu that isxthe queatioz.wwhuther tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandca rows of owtragewul fxltune. o.qto uart arma vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdxe to sljep. no move. andeby j sleep to say wr enp.athe hexjtacae and the thous.sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2169 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bl that ismthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcarrows of owtragewul fxltune. ojfto part armz vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdve to slxep. no more. andfby j sleep to say wr enp.athe hewjtacae and the thousisd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2170 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that isgthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaurows of owtragewul fxltune. o.jto gart arms xgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utoddxe to sljep. no more. andeby a sleep to say wr enn.athe hexftacae and the thousssd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2171 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bx that iscthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcalrows of owtragewul fxltune. o.eto yart armx vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdqe to slkep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hewmtacae and the thousfsd naturql shockn.
gen: 2172 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bi that isithe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcafrows of owtragewul fxltune. oomto rart armv vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdwe to sloep. no more. andfby n sleep to say wr enp.athe hewftacae and the thousisd naturul shockn.
gen: 2173 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bs that isethe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcajrows of owtragewul fxltune. oueto tart armu vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdme to sl ep. no more. andfby . sleep to say wr enp.athe hewitacae and the thousvsd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2174 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bt that iscthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffek. ohe sldngwvandcalrows of outragewql fxltune. o.bto uart arml vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdze to sliep. no more. apdeby v sleep to say wq enp.athe hexgtacae ind the thousesd naturil shockn.
gen: 2175 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that isathe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaorows of owtragewul fxptune. o.oto jart armr xgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpqsin wend them.utocdre to sldep. no more. andeby h sleep to say wr enn.athe hexqtacae and the thouscsd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2176 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that isqthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcadrows of owtragewul fxltune. o.zto wart armi xgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utoddie to slwep. no more. andeby x sleep to say wr enn.athe hexvtacae and the thousdsd naturql shockn.
gen: 2177 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that ismthe queatioz.xwhether tis logler in tie cinjfti sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcacrows of owtragesul fxltune. o.zto  art armp xgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utoddre to sl.ep. no more. andfby l sleep to say wr enp.athe hexjtacae and the thous sd naturul shockn.
gen: 2178 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bn that isdthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinzfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcadrows of owtragewul fxltune. ogvto vart arm  vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdge to sl.ep. no more. andfby q sleep to say wr enp.athe hewhtacae and the thouslsd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2179 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bn that isjthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandca.rows of owtragewul fxltune. oewto gart armi vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdfe to sldep. no more. andfby h sleep to say wr enp.athe hewytacae and the thousssd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2180 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bt that isbthe queatioz.vwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxfandcagrows ob owtragewul fxltune. o..to part arme vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.wend them.utocdme to sldep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wr enp.athe hexdtacae and the thousmsd natur l shockn.
gen: 2181 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bu that isrthe quebtioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxfandcatrows of owtragewul fxltune. osdto vart armg vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxrssin wend them.utocdje to slkep. no more. andfby d sleep to say wr enp.athe hewhtacae and the thousrsd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2182 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bb that isythe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcasrows of owtragewul fxltune. oujto bart arme vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.wend them.utocdpe to slmep. no more. andfby k sleep to say wr enp.athe hewntacae and the thousrsd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2183 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bc that isvthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandca.rows of owtragewul fxltune. otfto oart armf vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdte to slsep. no more. andfby x sleep to say wr enp.athe hewftacae and the thouswsd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2184 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bz that isbthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tke cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandca rows of outragewul fxltune. o.hto fart armq xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utoddne to slsep. no more. andeby   sleep to say wr enp.athe hewrtacbe and the thous sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2185 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bd that is the queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tke cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandca.rows of owtragewul fxltune. o.kto  art army xgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utoddne to slqep. no more. andeby o sleep to say wr enp.athe hexitacbe and the thousysd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2186 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that iscthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tke cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandca rows of outragewul fxltune. o.nto vart armr xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend thef.utoddne to sldep. no more. andeby . sleep to say wr enp.athe hewftacbe and the thoususd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2187 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bg that is.the queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcabrows of owtragewul fxltune. okgto aart armq vgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdae to sl ep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr enp.athe hewztacae and the thousesd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2188 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bf that iswthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcarrows of owtragewul fxltune. ohuto oart armd vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.wend them.utocdpe to sl ep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wr enp.athe hewgtacae and the thouszsd naturol shockn.
gen: 2189 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that isvthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfti sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcakrows of owtragewul fxltune. o.lto .art armg vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.wend them.utoddje to slpep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr enp.athe hexwtacae and the thousrsd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2190 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that isqthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfti sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcaorows of owtragewul fxltune. o.eto nart armv vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.wend them.utoddme to slwep. no more. andfby h sleep to say wr enp.athe hexgtacae and the thouszsd naturml shockn.
gen: 2191 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that isxthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfti sdffei. ohe sldngxvandcaprows of owtragewul fxltune. o.lto tart armj vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.wend them.utoddwe to slmep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wr enp.athe hexftacae and the thouspsd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2192 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that isfthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaarows of owtragewul fxptune. o.tto eart armu vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocdfe to slvep. no more. andfby o sleep to say wr enp.athe hexhtacae and the thousmsd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2193 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b. that iscthe queatioz.wwhether tis looler in tke cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandca rows of jutrqgewul fxptune. o.pto lart armg xgainstml sea ofvtrkubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utoddne to slxep. no more. andeby p sleep to say wr enp.bthe hexrtacae and the thouslsd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2194 fit: -54 chromo: to be oq not to bz that isnthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvendcazrows of owtragewul fxptune. o.xto oart armh xgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utocd.e to slyep. no more. andeby s sleep to say wr enp.athe hexstacbe and the thousysd naturel shockn.
gen: 2195 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bh that iszthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tke cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcarrows of owtragewul fxltune. ozito .art armc xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.wend them.utogdne to slvep. no more. andfby x sleep to say wr enp.athe hewmtacbe and the thousvsd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2196 fit: -54 chromo: to be oq not to b  that isvthe queatioz.wwgether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcavrows of outragewul fxltune. o.gto sart armk xgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utodd.e to sllep. no more. andeby h sleep to say wr enp.athe hewetacbe and the thous.sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2197 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bs that isgthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandca rows of owtragesul fxptune. o.uto .art armb xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin wend them.utoddze to slvep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hewutacae and the thouslsd natur l shockn.
gen: 2198 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bc that isxthe quebtioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaurows of outragewul fxdtune. otuto .art armx xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.wend them.utocdne to slkep. no more. andeby x sleep to scy wr enp.athe hexntacbe and the thousdsd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2199 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that isnthe queatio..wwhether tis looler jn tke cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaurows of outragewul fxptune. o.rto dart arma xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.wend them.utoddne to slcep. no more. andeby r sleep to say wr enp.athe hexmtacbe and the thousosd naturml shockn.
gen: 2200 fit: -54 chromo: to be oq not to b  that isothe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe skcngxvandcasrows of outragewul fxltune. ohjto vart armj xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.wend them.utoddje to sluep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hexctacbe and the thoustsd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2201 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to bc that isfthe quebtioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaorows of outragewul fxdtune. omfto .art armb xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.wend them.utocdne to slxep. no more. andeby k sleep to scy wr enp.athe hexmtacbe and the thousosd naturil shockn.
gen: 2202 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that isithe queatioz.wwhethev tis logler in tke cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcajrows of owtragewul fxptune. o.ito part arm. xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.wend them.utogdne to slxep. no more. andfby h sleep to say wr enp.athe hewttacbe and the thousfsd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2203 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that isqthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcalrows of outragewul fxdtune. ot to wart armc xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.send them.utocdne to slxep. no more. andfby n sleep to say wr enp.athe hewntacbe and the thousxsd naturll shockn.
gen: 2204 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that isbthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcawrows of outragewul fxdtune. opeto wart army xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.send them.utocdne to slpep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hewttacbe and the thousrsd natursl shockn.
gen: 2205 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that ismthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcarrows of outragewul fxdtune. ozito oart armv xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.send them.utocdne to slaep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hewbtacbe and the thousosd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2206 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that isbthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaprows of outragewul fxdtune. o dto yart armj xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.send them.utocdne to slbep. no more. andfby k sleep to say wr enp.athe hewxtacbe and the thousbsd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2207 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that istthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcasrows of outragewul fxdtune. owvto zart armc xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.send them.utocdne to slmep. no more. andfby n sleep to say wr enp.athe hewztacbe and the thousdsd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2208 fit: -54 chromo: to be ot not to bf thbt isythe quebtioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjvta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcabrows of outragewul fxdtune. onrto tart arml xgainstm. sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.wend them.utocdne to slzep. no more. andeby k sleep to say wr enp.athe hexdtacee and.the thous sd naturql shockx.
gen: 2209 fit: -54 chromo: to be ot not to bz that isjthe queatioz.wwhether tis looler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slgfgxvandcavrows of outragewul fxltune. o..to tart armb xgainstml sea ofvtroublea and by oxpssin.wend them.utoddle to sleep. no more. andfby   sleep to say wr enp.athe hewltacae and the thousbsd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2210 fit: -54 chromo: to be oq not to b  that isvthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slgngxvandcasrows of outragewul fxltune. o.bto tart armg xgainstml sea ofvtroublev and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne do sliep. no more. andfby c sleep tg say wr enp.athe hexntacae and the thoustsd naturul shockn.
gen: 2211 fit: -54 chromo: to be oq not to b  that isvthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slgngxvandcaorows of outragewul fxltune. o.kto tart army xgainstml sea ofvtroubleq and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne do slfep. no more. andfby k sleep tg say wr enp.athe hexotacae and the thousksd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2212 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that isethe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcazrows of outragewul fxdtune. osbto dart arme xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.send them.utocdne to sloep. no more. andfby f sleep to say wr enp.athe hewjtacbe and the thousssd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2213 fit: -54 chromo: to be ot not to bt that is.the queatioz.wwhether tis looler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slgfgxvandcairows of outragewul fxltune. o. to tart armz xgainstml sea ofvtroublez and by oxpssin.wend them.utoddbe to sldep. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr enp.athe hewxtacae and the thousgsd natur l shockn.
gen: 2214 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  thatkiswthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. phe slgngxvandcafrows of outragewul fxdtune. o.wto qart armi xgainstml sea ofvtroubley and by oxpssin.send them.utocdne to sl ep. no more. andfby w sleep to say wr enp.athe hewatacbe and the thoustsd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2215 fit: -54 chromo: to be oq not to b  that isvthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slgngxvandcanrows of outragewul fxltune. o.hto tart arms xgainstml sea ofvtroublec and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne do slyep. no more. andfby n sleep tg say wr enp.athe hexctacae and the thousrsd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2216 fit: -54 chromo: to be oq not to b  that isvthe queatior.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slgngxvandcawrows of outragewul fxltune. o.sto tart armj xgainstml sea ofvtroublej and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne do sltep. no more. andfby x sleep tg say wr enp.athe hexdtacae and the thousksd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2217 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that iskthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaurows of outragewul fxdtune. ofeto jart armd xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo cnd by oxpssin.send them.utocdne to sllep. no more. andvby e sleep to say wr enp.athe hewptacbe and the thousxsd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2218 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that isjthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcavrows of outragewul fxdtune. ocyto qart armu xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.send them.utocdne to slpep. no more. andfby n sleep to say wr enp.athe hewgtacbe and the thouscsd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2219 fit: -54 chromo: to be oq not to b  that isvthe quebtioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slgngxvandcaarows of outragewul fxptune. o.iro.tart armw xgainstml sea ofvtroubled and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to sllep. no more. andfby i sleep tg say wr enp.athe hexatacae.and the thoushsd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2220 fit: -54 chromo: to be oq not to b  that isvthe queatior.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slgngxvandcaarows of outragewul fxltune. o.sto tart arml xgainstml sea ofvtroubles and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne do slaep. no more. andfby d sleep tg say wr enp.athe hexutacae and the thousxsd naturml shockn.
gen: 2221 fit: -54 chromo: to be ot not to b  that isvthe queatior.wwhether tis looler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slgngxvajdcazrows of outragewul fxltune. o.pto tart armw xgainstwl sea ofvtroublez and by oxpssin. end them.utoddhe to slwep. no more. andfby h sleep tg sax wr enp.athe hexqtacae and the thousqsd naturol shockn.
gen: 2222 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that isuthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaarows of outragewul fxdtune. opbto cart armj xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin.send them.utocdne to sltep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hew tacbe and the thousqsd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2223 fit: -54 chromo: to be oq not to bz that isbthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcayrows of outragewul fxptune. otcto tart.arma xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slyep. no more. andfby   sleep tu say wr enp.athe hewutacbe and the thousfsd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2224 fit: -54 chromo: to be os not to b  that isvthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaprows of outragewul fxdtune. o.gto tart armm xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to sleep. no more. andfby l sleep tg say wr enp.athe hewjtacae and the thkus.sd naturil shockn.
gen: 2225 fit: -54 chromo: to be oq not to bf that isathe queatioz.wwhether tis looler in tie cinjftb sdffei. ohe slgfgxvandcawrows of outragewul fxltune. o.tto tart armz xgainstml sea ofvtroubleh and by oxpssin. end them.utocdge to sloep. no mkre. andfby x sleep to say wr enp.athe hewltacae and the thousdsd naturil shockn.
gen: 2226 fit: -54 chromo: to be ot not to b  that isvthe qieatioz.wwhether tis logper in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcatrows of outragewul fxdtune. o.fto tart armo vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end shem.utoddne to slzep. no more. andfby p sleep to say wr enp.athe hewwtacae and the thous.sd naturql shockn.
gen: 2227 fit: -54 chromo: to be oq not to bv that is the queatioz.wwhether tis looler in tie cinjftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcasrows of outragewul fxdtune. onzto tart arme xgainstml sea ofvtroublek and by oxpssina end them utocdne to slnep. no more. andfby j sleep to say wr enp.athe hewetacbe and the thousbsd natursl shockn.
gen: 2228 fit: -54 chromo: to be ot not to bo that isvthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcazrows of outragewul fxptune. o.tto tart armx vgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end thgm.qtoddne to sluep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wr enp.athe hexetacae and the thoustsd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2229 fit: -54 chromo: to be oq not to bm that ishthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie ciniftb sdffei. ohe slcnhxvandcairows of outragewul fxdtune. olkto tart armo xgainstml sea ofvtroublew and by oxpcsin. end them.utocdne to slrep. no more. andfby r sleep tm say wr enp.athe hewvtacbe and the thousisd naturml shockn.
gen: 2230 fit: -54 chromo: to be ot not to bk that isfthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcarrows of outragewul fxptune. o.uto tart arma xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to sluep. no more. andfby   sleep to say wr enp.athe hewytacae and the thousqsd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2231 fit: -54 chromo: to be ot not to bo that isethe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcalrows of outragewul fxptune. o.cto tart armh xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to sl.ep. no more. andfby   sleep to say wr enp.athe hew.tacae and the thouszsd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2232 fit: -53 chromo: to be ot not to bv that iswthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcasrows of outragewul fxptune. o.nto tart armf xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to sl.ep. no more. andfby i sleep to say wr enp.athe hewntacae and the thousvsd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2233 fit: -53 chromo: to be ot not to bc that iscthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcaprows of outragewul fxptune. o.nto tart armn xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to sljep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr enp.athe hewptacae and the thoustsd naturil shockn.
gen: 2234 fit: -53 chromo: to be ot not to bb that isethe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinlvta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandca rows of outragewul fxdtune. orpto tart armw xgainstml sea ofvtroublei and by oxpssinq end them utocdqe to slgep. no more. andfry f sleep to say wr enp.athe hewmtacae and the thousvsd naturhl shockp.
gen: 2235 fit: -52 chromo: to be ot not to b  that is.the queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcanrows of outragewul fxptune. o.uto tart armv xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to slyep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hewrtacae and the thousjsd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2236 fit: -52 chromo: to be ot not to bo that islthe queatioj.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcaarows of outragewul fxptune. o. to tart army xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to slxep. no more. andfby q sleep to say wr enp.athe hewltacae and the thouspsd naturol shockn.
gen: 2237 fit: -52 chromo: to be ot not to bm that istthe queatioj.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcaurows of outragewul fxptune. o.xto tart armf xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to sltep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wr enp.athe hewttacae and the thouspsd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2238 fit: -52 chromo: to be ox not to bx that isythe queatioz.wwhether tis looler in tie cinifta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcabrows of outragewul fxptune. o.uto tart arme xgainstml sea ohvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slyep. no more. andfby a sleep to say wr enp.athe hewotacae and the thoustsd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2239 fit: -52 chromo: to be ot not to bq that isithe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcavrows of outragewul fxptune. o.tto tart arm. xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to sloep. no more. andfby c sleep to say wr enp.athe hewntacae and the thousxsd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2240 fit: -52 chromo: to be ot not to ba that islthe queatioj.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandca.rows of outragewul fxptune. o.uto tart arma xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby o sleep to say wr enp.athe hew tacae and the thouspsd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2241 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bd that isgthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinlfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaurows of outragewul fxptune. o.fto tart arms xgainstml sea ofvtroubler and by oxpssin. end them.qtoddce to slhep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hewztacae and the thousasd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2242 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bj that islthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinlfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaorows of outragewul fxptune. o.nto tart armk xgainstml sea ofvtroublem and by oxpssin. end them.qtoddze to slvep. no more. andfby g sleep to say wr enp.athe hewdtacae and the thousosd naturol shockn.
gen: 2243 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bc that isjthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinlfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcatrows of outragewul fxptune. o.oto tart armi xgainstml sea ofvtroublea and by oxpssin. end them.qtoddne to slhep. no more. andfby x sleep to say wr enp.athe hew tacae and the thousksd naturml shockn.
gen: 2244 fit: -52 chromo: to be ot not to bg that is the queatioj.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcairows of outragewul fxptune. o.uto tart armz xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to sleep. no more. andfby q sleep to say wr enp.athe hewctacae and the thouspsd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2245 fit: -52 chromo: to be ot not to bf that isltha queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie ciniftb scffei. ohe slcngxvandcamrows of outragewul fxptune. o.jto tart armn xgainstnl sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to slvep. no more. andfby i sleep to say wr enp.athe hexytacae and the thoushtd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2246 fit: -52 chromo: to be ot not to bw that is the queatioj.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxuandcawrows of outragewul fxptune. o.kto tart armz xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to slsep. no more. andfby i sleep to say wr enp.athe hewltacae and the thouspsd naturml shockn.
gen: 2247 fit: -52 chromo: to be ot not to bt that isothe queatioz.wwhether tis jogler in tye cinjfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcajrows of outragewul fxptune. o.lto tart armj xgainstm. sea ofxtroubleo and by oxpssinx end them.utoddne to slqep. no more. andfby h sleep to say wr enp.athe hewctacae and the thousysd naturul shockn.
gen: 2248 fit: -52 chromo: to be ot not to bf that isuthe queatioj.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcaqrows of outragewul fxptune. o.cto tart armk xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to sltep. no more. andfby r sleep to say wr enp.athe hewltacae and the thouspsd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2249 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bo that ispthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinlfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcarrows of outragewul fxptune. o.xto tart armk xgainstml sea ofvtroubley and by oxpssin. end them.qtoddee to sl ep. no more. andfby l sleep to say wr enp.athe hewptacae and the thousdsd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2250 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bd that isrthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinjfta sdffej. ohe slcngxvandsacrows of outragewul fxptune. o.lto tazt armx xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo anh by oxpssink end them.utohdne to slzep. no more. andfby b sleep to say wr enp.athe hewltacae and the thous.sd natur l shockn.
gen: 2251 fit: -52 chromo: to be ot not to bc that islthe queatioj.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxuandcatrows of outragewul fxptune. o.uto tart armz xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to slnep. no mote. andfby h sleep to say wr enp.athe heghtacae and the thouspsd naturel shockn.
gen: 2252 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to br that isnthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcaprows of outragewul fxptune. o.oto tart armx xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slkep. no more. andfby j sleep to say wr enp.athe hewctacae and the thousmsd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2253 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to ba that isjthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcagrows of outragewul fxptune. o.qto tart armk xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slxep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wr enp.athe hewatacae and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2254 fit: -52 chromo: to be ot not to bl that isuthe queatioj.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcavrows of outragewul fxptune. o.uto tart armp xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.qtohdwe to sleep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr enp.athe hewjtacae and the thous.sd natvrxl shockn.
gen: 2255 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bb that iskthf queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcjgxvandcafrows of outragewul fxptune. o.mto tart armz xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utoddme to slnep. no more. andfby e sleep to say wr enp.bthe hewstacae and the thousmsd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2256 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to b. that ispthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinlfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaurows of outragewul fxptune. o.nto tart armi xgainstml sea ofvtroubler and by oxpssin. end them.qtoddue to slcep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr enp.athe hewktacae and the thousosd natural shockn.
gen: 2257 fit: -52 chromo: to be ox not to bd that iszthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie ciniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcalrows of outragewul fxptune. o.uto tart armq xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slnep. no more. andfby t sleep to say wr enp.athe hexstacae and the thousjsd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2258 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bx that isithe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcabrows of outragewul fxptune. o.sto tart armb xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slyep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hewitacae and the thoushsd naturll shockn.
gen: 2259 fit: -52 chromo: to be ox not to bm that iswthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie ciniftb sdffem. ohe slcngxvandcatrows of outragewul fxptune. otuto tart armb xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to slfep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wr enp.athe hewatacae and the thousssd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2260 fit: -52 chromo: to be ox not to bc that isfthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie ciniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcafrows of outragewul fxptune. o.uto tart armh xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slwep. no more. andfby k sleep to say wr enp.athe hexstacae and the thousosd naturel shockn.
gen: 2261 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bi that isithe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcavrows of outragewul fxptune. o.gto tart armu xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slxep. no more. andfby o sleep to say wr enp.athe hewptacae and the thousysd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2262 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bl that isfthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie ciniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxeandcaxrows of outragewul fxptune. o. to tart armw xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to slvep. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr enp.athe hewxtacae and the thousvsd naturol shockn.
gen: 2263 fit: -52 chromo: to be ox not to bn that is the queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie ciniftb sdffem. ohe slcngxvandcarrows of outragewul fxptune. otfto tart armf xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to sl.ep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr enp.athe hewrtacae and the thousesd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2264 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bp that isgthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinlfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcajrows of outragewul fxptune. o.wto tart armn xgainstml sea ofvtroubled and by oxpssin. end them.qtoddqe to slwep. no more. andfby c sleep to say wr enp.athe hewitacae and the thous sd natur l shockn.
gen: 2265 fit: -52 chromo: to be ou not to bi that isathe queatioz.wwhether .is logler in tie ciniftf sdffem. ohe slcngxvandcatrows of outragewul fxptune. ottto tart armh xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to slkep. no more. andfby g sleep to say wr enp.athe hewgtacae and the thousxsd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2266 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bc that isethe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcavrows of outragewul fxptune. o.ato tart armp xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slyep. no more. andfby q sleep to say wr enp.athe hewttacae and the thousnsd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2267 fit: -52 chromo: to be ox not to bq that isuthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie ciniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaqrows of outragewul fxptune. otuto tart arml xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to sloep. no more. andfby   sleep to say wr enp.athe hewftacae and the thouszsd naturql shockn.
gen: 2268 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bn that isjthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcahrows of outragewul fxptune. o.kto tart armu xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slxep. no more. andfby f sleep to say wr enp.athe hewftacae and the thousxsd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2269 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bv that ispthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcaxrows of outragewul fxptune. o.vto tart armq xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slcep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr enp.athe hewatacae and the thous sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2270 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bs that isgthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie giniftb sdffei. phe slcngxvandcanrows of outragewuj fxptune. o.uto tazt armf xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpqsin. end them.utohdne to slrep. no more. andfby n sleep to say wr enp.athe hew tacae and the thousgsd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2271 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to by that isdthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinlfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcazrows of outragewul fxptune. o.rto tart armm xgainstml sea ofvtroubleb and by oxpssin. end them.qtoddre to slzep. no more. andfby   sleep to say wr enp.athe hewstacae and the thouscsd natural shockn.
gen: 2272 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bh that istthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinlfta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcakrows of outragewul fxptune. o.mto tart armq xgainstml sea ofvtrouble. and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slqep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr enp.athe hewrtacae and the thousnsd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2273 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bh that islthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcatrows of outragewul fxptune. o.eto tart armp xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slqep. no more. andfby b sleep to say wr enp.athe hewmtacae and the thousjsd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2274 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to b. that iskthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinlfta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcajrows of outragewul fxptune. o.kto tart armx xgainstml sea ofvtroublek and by oxpssin. end them.qtoddhe to slcep. no more. andfby t sleep to say wr eno.athe hewwtacae and the thousisd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2275 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bh that isjthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinlfta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcayrows of outragewul fxptune. o.oto tart armj xgainstml sea ofvtroublei and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slfep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr enp.athe hewctacae and the thouscsd naturol shockn.
gen: 2276 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to b. that isbthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie sinlfta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcalrows of outragewul fxptune. o.nto tart armf xgainstml sea ofvtroubled and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slnep. no more. andfby j sleep to say wr enp.athe hewctacae and the thouszsd naturql shockn.
gen: 2277 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bt that isuthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinlfta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcaqrows of outragewul fxptune. o.oto tart armk xgainstml sea ofvtroublec and fy oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slqep. no more. andfby c sleep to say wr enp.ethe hewptacae and the thouspsd naturel shockn.
gen: 2278 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bn that isrthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie sinlfta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcaxrows of outragewul fxptune. o.yto tart arma xgainstml sea ofvtroublek and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slhep. no more. andfby n sleep to say wr enp.athe hewttacae and the thousisd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2279 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bb that isvthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie sinlfta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcahrows of outragewul fxptune. o.wto tart armx xgainstml sea ofvtroubleb and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slqep. no more. andfby q sleep to say wr enp.athe hewwtacae and the thousisd naturql shockn.
gen: 2280 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bw that isqthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinlfta scffei. ghe slcngxvanddaqrows of outragewul fxptune. o.oto tart armh xgainstml sea ofvtroublen and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to sliep. no more. andfby e sleep to say wr enp.athe hewutacae and the thousasd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2281 fit: -52 chromo: to be or not to bi that iskthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcakrows of outragewul fxptune. o.sto tart armd xgainstml sea ofvtroubles and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to slwep. no more. andfby k sleep to say wr enp.athe hewhtacae and tge thousasd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2282 fit: -52 chromo: to be or not to bg that ishthe queatioz.wwpether tis logler in tie giniftb scffei. phe slcngxvandcaprows of outragewuj fxptune. o.bto tart armr xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpqsin. end them.utohdne to slyep. no more. andfby i sleep to say wr enn.athe hewbtacbe and the thousksd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2283 fit: -52 chromo: to be or not to be that isbthe queatioz.wxhether tis logler in tie sinlfta scffem. ohe slcngxvandcaqrows of outragewul fxptune. o.tto tart armd vgainstml sea ofvtvoubled and by oxpssin. end them.utoddme to slqep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr enp.athe hewktacqe and the thousisd naturll shockn.
gen: 2284 fit: -52 chromo: to be or not to br that isjthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie cinlfta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcazrows of outragewul fxptune. o.zto tart armq xgainstml sea ofvtroubleb and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slsep. no iore. andfby x sleep to say wr enp.athe hewxtacae and the thousvsd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2285 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bk that isfthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinlfta sdffei. ghe slcngxvanddacrows of outragewul fxptune. o.rto tart armv xgainstml sea ofvtroublew and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to sllep. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr enp.athe hewgtacae and the thousdsd naturql shockn.
gen: 2286 fit: -52 chromo: to be oq not to bw that isothe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie cinlfta sdffei. ghe slcngxvandcaqrows of outragewul fxptune. o.bto tart armu xgainstml sea ofxtroublep and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slbep. no more. andfby n sleep to say wr enp.athe hewetacae and thf thousvsd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2287 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to by that isrthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcacrows of outragewul fxptune. o.nto tart arm. xgainstml sea ofvtroublex and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to slsep. no more. andfby b sleep to say wr enp.athe hewwtacae and tge thous sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2288 fit: -51 chromo: to be oq not to bn that issthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie cinifta sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaqrows of outragewul fxptune. o.ntp tart arm  xgainstml sea ofxtroublej and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slzep. no more. andfby q sleep to say wr enp.athe hewutacae and the thous.sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2289 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to be that isbthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcaxrows of outragewul fxptune. o.tto tart armr xgainstml sea ofvtroubleq and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to sleep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr enp.athe hewqtacae and tge thousssd natursl shockn.
gen: 2290 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bj that isathe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcagrows of outragewul fxptune. o.zto tart arma xgainstml sea ofvtroublen and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to sl ep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr enp.athe hewxtacae and tge thousksd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2291 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bx that isnthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcajrows of outragewul fxptune. o.qto tart armn xgainstml sea ofvtroubleg and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to sliept no more. andfby z sleep to say wr enp.athe hewwtacae and tge thousisd natursl shockn.
gen: 2292 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to be that isythe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie cinlfta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcacrows of outragewul fxptune. o.qto tart armg xgainstml sea ofvtroubleg and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slbep. no iore. andfby z sleep to say wr enp.athe hewitacae and the thousjsd natur l shockn.
gen: 2293 fit: -51 chromo: to be oq not to br that isxthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinlfta sdffei. ghe slcngxvanddarrows of outragewul fxptune. o.gto tart armu xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slbep. no more. andfby w sleep to say wr enp.athe hewstacae and the thousisd naturml shockn.
gen: 2294 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to ba that isjthe queatioz.wwpether tis logler in tie giniftb scffei. phe slcngxvandcakrows of outragewuj fxptune. o.rto tart armi xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpqsin. end them.utohdne to slcep. no more. andfby k sleep to say wr enn.athe hewhtacbe and the thousksd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2295 fit: -51 chromo: to be oq not to bn that iszthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie cinlfta sdffei. ghe slcngxvanddavrows of outragewul fxptune. o.xto tart armv xgainstml sea ofvtroublej and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slhep. no more. andfby t sleep to say wr enp.athe hewjtacae and the thousnsd natur l shockn.
gen: 2296 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bw that ispthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie ciniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxxandcaprows of outragewul fxptune. o.uto tart armr xgainstml sea ofvtroubleb and by oxpqsin. end them.utohhne to sllep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hew.tacbe and the thous sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2297 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bi that isathe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxhandcazrows of outragewul fxptune. o.tto tart armh againstml sea ofvtroubley and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wr enp.athe hewbtacae and tge thousosd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2298 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to br that iswthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie cinifta scffei. ohe slcngxdandcairows of outragewul fxptune. o.eto tart armc ugainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby l sleep to say wr enp.athe hewctacae and tge thouszsd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2299 fit: -51 chromo: to be oq not to bh that iscthe queatioz.wwhether tis logler in tie canlfta sdffei. ghe slcngxvandcaqrows of outragewul fxptune. o. to tart armf xgainstml sea ofvtrouble  and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to sltep. no more. andfby f sleep to say wr enp.athe hewetacae and the thousxsd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2300 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bi that itvthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie ciniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxxandcaqrows of outragewulmfxptune. o. to tart armf xgainstml sea ofvtroublel and by oxpqsin. end them.utohhne to slfep. no more. andfby h sleep to say wr enp.athe hewytacbe and the thoususd naturcl sxockn.
gen: 2301 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to b  that isfthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie ciniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxxandcairows of outragewul fxptune. o.gto tart armh xgainstml sea ofvtroublel and by oxpqsin. end them.utohhne to slzep. no more. andfby z sleep to say wr enp.athe hewttacbe and the thousxsd naturol shockn.
gen: 2302 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to b  that isethe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie cinlfta scffei. ohe slcngxvandcaxrows of outragewul fxptune. o.gto tart arma xgainstml sea ofvtroublen and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slbep. no iore. andfby t sleep to say wr enp.athe hewxtacae and the thousssd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2303 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bt that istthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie ciniftb scffei. ohe slcngxdandcayrows of outragewul fxptune. o. to tarx armv tgainstml sea ofvtroublee and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no mora. andfby y sleep to say wr enp.athe hewdtacbe and the thousrsd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2304 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to br that iskthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie cinlftb sdffei. ghe slcngxvandda.rows of outragewul fxptune. o.nto tart arms xgainstml sea ofvtroubleu and bykoxpssin. end them.utoddne to slwep. no more. andfby q sleep to say wr enp.athe hewatacbe and the thousqsd naturil shockn.
gen: 2305 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bu that iswthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie ciniftb scffei. ohe slcngx andcavrows of outragewul fxptune. o.yto tarx armz mgainstml sea ofvtroubles and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no mora. andfby k sleep to say wr enp.athe hewwtacbe and the thousxsd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2306 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bx that isxthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie cinlftb sdffei. ghe slcngxvanddajrows of outragewul fxptune. o.dto tart armd xgainstml sea ofvtroublel and bykoxpssin. end them.utoddne to slyep. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr enp.athe hewxtacbe and the thouscsd naturul shockn.
gen: 2307 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bb that iscthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandca.rows of outragewul fxptune. o.cto tart armx xgainstml sea ofvtroublen and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby . sleep to say wr enp.athe hewttacbe and the thousmsd naturll shockn.
gen: 2308 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bf that iswthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaerows of outragewul fxptune. o.ito tart armg xgainstml sea ofvtroubleg and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby b sleep to say wr enp.athe hewstacbe and the thousxsd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2309 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bx that isothe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie cinlftb sdffei. ghe sldngxxandcawrows of outragewul fxhtune. o.bto.tart armf xgainstml sea ofvtroubleb and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby p sleep to say wr enp.athe hewntacbe and the thousbsd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2310 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bt that ispthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcayrows of outragewul fxptune. o.mto tart armn xgainstml sea ofvtroublez and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby l sleep to say wr enp.athe hewbtacbe and the thousxsd naturll shockn.
gen: 2311 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bf that iscthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcacrows of outragewul fxptune. o.sto tart armx xgainstml sea ofvtroublew and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby k sleep to say wr enp.athe hew tacbe and the thousqsd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2312 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bs that is the queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandca.rows of outragewul fxptune. o.mto tart armv xgainstml sea ofvtroublex and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby f sleep to say wr enp.athe hewftacbe and the thousesd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2313 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bb that isuthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcazrows of outragewul fxptune. o.hto tart arme xgainstml sea ofvtrouble. and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby j sleep to say wr enp.athe hewwtacbe and the thouszsd naturol shockn.
gen: 2314 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bb that is the queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaarows of outragewul fxptune. o.zto tart armg xgainstml sea ofvtroublew and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby j sleep to say wr enp.athe hewutacbe and the thous.sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2315 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bu that is the queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie cinlfta scffei. ohe sldngxxandcaurows of outragewul fxhtune. o.dtovtart armb xgainstml sea ofvtroublep and by oxpssin. end them.utoddne to slmep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wrkenp.athe hewitacbe and the thouszsd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2316 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bm that islthe queatior.wwhether tis .ogler in tie cinlftb scffei. ghe slcngxvanddaarows of outragewul fxptune. o.vto tart armj xgainstml sea ofvtroubled and by owpssin. end them.utoddne to slmep. no more. andfby i sleep tk say wr enp.athe hew.tacbe and the thousvsd natursl shockn.
gen: 2317 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bx that isothe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandca.rows of outragewul fxptune. o.qto tart armf xgainstml sea ofvtroublem and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby l sleep to say wr enp.athe hewttacbe and the thousxsd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2318 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bs that isgthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcafrows of outragewul fxptune. o.rto tart armo xgainstml sea ofvtroublej and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby j sleep to say wr enp.athe hewbtacbe and the thousasd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2319 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bp that issthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcanrows of outragewul fxptune. o.uto tart armj xgainstml sea ofvtroubles and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby c sleep to say wr enp.athe hewotacbe and the thousnsd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2320 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bh that ismthe queatioz.wwhether tis koglmr in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngavandcaurows of outragewul fxptune. o.pto tart armk xgainstml sea ofvtroublei and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby d sleep to say wr enp.athe hewdtacbe and the thousysd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2321 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bp that isnthe queatioz.wwhether tis koglmr in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngsvandcanrows of outragewul fxptune. o.uto tart armq xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oxpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby . sleep to say wr enp.athe hewhtacbe and the thousosd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2322 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bk that isxthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinjftf sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcahrows of outragewul fxptune. o.qto tart armo xgainstml sea ofvtroubleh and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hewmtacbe and the thouscsd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2323 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bh that isuthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinjftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcacrows of outragewul fxptune. o.sto tart armi xgainstml sea ofvtroublez and by owpssin. end thfm.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby m sleep to say wr enp.athe hewitacbe and the thousqsd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2324 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bo that isxthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinjftf sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcafrows of outragewul fxptune. o.zto tart armg xgainstml sea ofvtroublea and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby h sleep to say wr enp.athe hewmtacbe and the thoustsd naturml shockn.
gen: 2325 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bc that is the queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcavrows of outragewul fxptune. o.qto tart armq xgainstml sea ofvtroublec and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby o sleep to say wr enp.athe hew tacbe and the thousssd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2326 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bv that iskthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinjftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcamrows of outragewul fxptune. o.ato tart armf xgainstml sea ofvtroubleu and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby b sleep to say wr enp.athe hewotacbe and the thousysd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2327 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to by that iswthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcacrows of outragewul fxptune. o.dto tart armj xgainstml sea ofvtroublew and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hewwtacbe and the thousasd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2328 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to by that ispthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcakrows of outragewul fxptune. o.mto tart armt xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby o sleep to say wr enp.athe hew tacbe and the thouslsd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2329 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bc that isrthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaprows of outragewul fxptune. o.bto tart armq xgainstml sea ofvtroubleg and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby o sleep to say wr enp.athe hew.tacbe and the thousgsd naturml shockn.
gen: 2330 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to b. that is.the queatios.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcajrows of outragewul fxptune. o.jto tart armk xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hewctacbe and the thousxsd naturil shockn.
gen: 2331 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bk that isgthe queatiox.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaerows of outragewul fxptune. o.nto tart armv xgainstml sea ofvtroubler and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andfby d sleep to say wr enp.athe hewttacbe and the thouswsd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2332 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bz that istthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinjftf sdffei. ode slcngxvandca.rows of outragewul fxptune. o.tto tart armc xgainstml sea ofvtroublel and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby t sleep to say wr enp.athe hewmtacbe and the thous sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2333 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bz that issthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaurows of outragewup fxptune. o.rto tart armc xgainstml sea ofvtroublek and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby i sleep to say wr enp.athe hewitacbe and the thoushsd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2334 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bt that iszthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcasrows of outragewup fxptune. o.xto tart armw xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby b sleep to say wr enp.athe hewjtacbe and the thousesd naturml shockn.
gen: 2335 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bg that isfthe queatiop.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaarows of outragewul fxptune. o.eto tart armg xgainstml sea ofvtroubley and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andfby c sleep to say wr enp.athe hew.tacbe and the thous.sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2336 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to by that iscthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcasrows of outragewup fxptune. o.cto tart armi xgainstml sea ofvtroublew and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby b sleep to say wr enp.athe hewmtacbe and the thousdsd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2337 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bo that isnthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaurows of outragewup fxptune. o.wto tart armd xgainstml sea ofvtroubleg and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby w sleep to say wr enp.athe hewltacbe and the thousfsd naturul shockn.
gen: 2338 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bp that isbthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcamrows of outragewul fxptune. o.cto tart armx xgainstml sea ofvtroubleg and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby h sleep to say wr enp.athe hewptacbe and the thousbsd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2339 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bf that ishthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaorows of outragewup fxptune. o.ato tart arme xgainstml sea ofvtroubpee and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby e sleep to say wr enp.athe hewktacbe and the thoustsd naturil shockn.
gen: 2340 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bj that isxthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaarows of outragewul fxptune. o.wto tart armb xgainstml sea ofvtroublef and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hewmtacbe and the thousesd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2341 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bb that isothe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcajrows of outragewul fxptune. o. to tart arme xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andfby o sleep to say wr enp.athe hewptacbe and the thousjsd naturil shockn.
gen: 2342 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bl that isethe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcakrows of outragewul fxptune. o.xto tart armm xgainstml sea ofvtrouble. and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wr enp.athe hewmtacbe and the thousjsd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2343 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bc that isqthe queatiom.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaurows of outragewul fxptune. o..to tart armi xgainstml sea ofvtroubler and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby g sleep to say wr enp.athe hewntacbe and the thousqsd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2344 fit: -51 chromo: to be or not to bx that isnthe queatiow.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohekslcngxvandca.rows of outragewup fxptune. o.xto tart armd xgainqtml sea ofvtroubleu and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby s sleep to say wr enp.athe hewxtacbe and the thousesd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2345 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bh that ispthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcajrows of outragewup fxptune. o.cto tart armh xgainstml sea ofvtroublel and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby w sleep to say wr enp.athe hewmtacbe and the thousisd naturil shockn.
gen: 2346 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to ba that iscthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcawrows of outragewul fxptune. o.vto tart armr hgainstml sea ofvtroublea and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andfby a sleep to say wr enp.athe hewdtacbe and the thous sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2347 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bw that isvthe queatioi.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcakrows of outragewul fxptune. o..to tart armh xgainstml sea ofvtroubleh and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hewltacbe and the thousqsd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2348 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to b  that iszthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaqrows of outragewul fxptune. o.wto tart armc xgainstml sea ofvtroublei and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andfby n sleep to say wr enp.athe hew tacbe and the thoushsd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2349 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bn that isbthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcalrows of outragewul fxptune. o.oto tart armk xgainstml sea ofvtroubleh and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hewstacbe and the thoustsd naturil shockn.
gen: 2350 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bz that istthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcamrows of outragewul fxptune. o..to tart arml xgainstml sea ofvtroublel and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andfby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hewktacbe and the thousksd natur l shockn.
gen: 2351 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bv that ismthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca.rows of outragewul fxptune. o.eto tart arme xgainstml sea ofvtroubles and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andfby c sleep to say wr enp.athe hewntacbe and the thouslsd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2352 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to by that iskthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcayrows of outragewul fxptune. o.xto tart armm xgainstml sea ofvtroubler and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby i sleep to say wr enp.athe hewutacbe and the thousmsd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2353 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bc that isjthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcamrows of outragewul fxptune. o.uto tart armc hgainstml sea ofvtroubleq and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andfby i sleep to say wr enp.athe hewbtacbe and the thous.sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2354 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bl that isethe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaxrows of outragewul fxptune. o.rto tart armj xgainstml sea ofvtroublep and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby q sleep to say wr enp.athe hewitacbe and the thousnsd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2355 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bz that isnthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaurows of outragewul fxptune. o.tto tart armc xgainstml sea ofvtroubled and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby z sleep to say wr enp.athe hewctacbe and the thousfsd naturol shockn.
gen: 2356 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bo that isethe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaprows of outragewul fxptune. o.pto tart arm  xgainstml sea ofvtroubleq and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby   sleep to say wr enp.athe hew tacbe and the thousdsd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2357 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to by that ismthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcairows of outragewul fxptune. o.uto tart armi xgainstml sea ofvtroubleu and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby s sleep to say wr enp.athe hewgtacbe and the thousisd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2358 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bd that isrthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcazrows of outragewul fxptune. o..to tart arma xgainstml sea ofvtroubleb and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby f sleep to say wr enp.athe hewftacbe and the thousbsd naturil shockn.
gen: 2359 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bh that isithe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcagrows of outragewul fxptune. o.hto tart armd hgainstml sea ofvtroublea and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andfby . sleep to say wr enp.athe hewhtacbe and the thousqsd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2360 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bl that isothe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcajrows of outragewul fxptune. o.jto tart armc xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hew tacbe and the thoususd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2361 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bg that iscthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie liniftb sdffei. ohe slcngxvandcaqrows of outragewul fxptune. o.uto tart armw xgainstml sea ofvtroublei and by owpssin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wr enp.athe hewptacbe and the thousbsd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2362 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bu that isythe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcalrows of outragewul fxptune. o.ito tart armq xgainstml sea ofvtroubleg and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hewutacbe and the thousesd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2363 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bl that is.the queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcamrows of outragewul fxptune. o.qto tart armu xgainstml sea ofvtroublep and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby f sleep to say wr enp.athe hewatacbe and the thouscsd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2364 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bn that iskthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcawrows of outragewul fxptune. o.yto tart armv xgainstml sea ofvtroubleq and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby l sleep to say wr enp.athe hewqtacbe and the thousosd naturol shockn.
gen: 2365 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bw that islthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcadrows of outragewul fxptune. o.ito tart armu xgainstml sea ofvtroubled and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby d sleep to say wr enp.athe hewutacbe and the thouspsd naturql shockn.
gen: 2366 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bg that isgthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcatrows of outragewul fxptune. o.qto tart armf xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby d sleep to say wr enp.athe hewqtacbe and the thousvsd jaturql shockn.
gen: 2367 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bf that isuthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie liniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcagrows of outragewul fxptune. o.hto tart armu xgainstml sea ofvtroublet and by owp sin. end them.utohdne to slmep. no morg. andfby e sleep to say wr enp.athe hewdtacbe and the thous.sd naturul shockn.
gen: 2368 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bf that isdthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca.rows of outragewul fxptune. o.fto tart armj xgainstml sea ofvtroubles and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby l sleep to say wr enp.athe hewttacbe and the thousisd naturll shockn.
gen: 2369 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bz that isvthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcayrows of outragewul fxptune. o.uto tart armo xgainstml sea ofvtroubler and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby b sleep to say wr enp.athe hewutacbe and the thouslsd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2370 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bl that is the queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaprows of outragewul fxptune. o.hto tart arm  hgainstml sea ofvtroublea and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andfby a sleep to say wr enp.athe hewftacre and the thousgsd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2371 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bd that isrthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcavrows of outragewul fxptune. o.cto tart armr xgainstml sea ofvtroublea and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby o sleep to say wr enp.athe hewvtacbe and the thousqsd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2372 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bq that isathe queatior.wqhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcanrows of outragewul fxptune. o. to tart arma xgainstml sea ofvtroublel and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby h sleep to say wr enp.athe hewvtacbe and the thousosd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2373 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bg that isethe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaurows of outragewul fxptune. o.dto tart armm xgainstml sea ofvtroubler and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby e sleep to say wr enp.athe hewztacbe and the thousisd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2374 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bi that iswthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcafrows of outragewul fxptune. o.wto tart armp xgainstml sea ofvtroublev and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby a sleep to say wr enp.athe hew.tacbe and the thousmsd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2375 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bg that isbthe quertior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandkavrows of outragewul fxltune. o.lto tart arma xgainstml sea ofvtroublea and by owpssint end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andfby g sleep to say wr enp.athe hewdtacbe and the thoustsd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2376 fit: -50 chromo: to be or not to bk that isrthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcatrows of outragewul fxptune. oldto tart armd xgainstml sea ofvtroubleq and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hew tacbe and the thouszsd naturwl shockm.
gen: 2377 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bc that iscthe queatioz.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcatrows of outragewul fxptune. olfto tart armc xgainstml sea ofvtroublei and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hewjtacbe and the thous sd naturol shockm.
gen: 2378 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bo that isfthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcamrows of outragewul fxptune. o.hto tart armz xgainstml sea ofvtroubleg and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby u sleep to say wr enp.athe hewktacbe and the thousisd naturol shockn.
gen: 2379 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to b  that isqthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcajrows of outragewul fxptune. o.zto tart armq xgainstml sea ofvtroublew and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andxby i sleep to say wr enp.athe hewatacbe and the thousysd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2380 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to be that isdthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaarows of outragewul fxptune. o.hto tart armb xgainstml sea ofvtroublet and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby w sleep to say wr enp.athe hewytacbe and the thouspsd naturyl shockm.
gen: 2381 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bz that iskthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaerows of outragewul fxltune. otsto tart armf xgainstml sea ofvtroubled and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby w sleep to say wr enp.cthe hewgtacbe and the thousysd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2382 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to ba that isythe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca.rows of outragewul fxltune. otwto tart armp xgainstml sea ofvtroubled and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby h sleep to say wr enp.cthe hewgtacbe and the thousjsd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2383 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bb that iscthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcatrows of outragewul fxptune. o.dto tart armd xgainstml sea ofvtroublee and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby a sleep to say wr enp.athe hewytacbe and the thousvsd naturql shockn.
gen: 2384 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bb that isethe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcalrows of outragesul fxptune. o.cto tart armc xgainstml sea ofvtroublew and by ocpssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wn enp.athe hewjtacbe and the thousvsd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2385 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bv that isxthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaarows of outragewul fxptune. otfto tart arme xgainstml sea ofvtroubler and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby g sleep to say wr enp.cthe hewstacbe and the thousjsd naturol shockm.
gen: 2386 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to b  that isithe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaorows of outragesul fxptune. o.yto tart arml xgainstml sea ofvtroubled and by ojpssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wh enp.athe hewctacbe and the thousbsd naturll shockn.
gen: 2387 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to br that is the queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaarows of outragesul fxptune. o.qto tart armz xgainstml sea ofvtroublel and by oepssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wv enp.athe hew tacbe and the thousysd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2388 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bd that isbthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaprows of outragesul fxptune. o.sto tart armv xgainstml sea ofvtroublep and by oupssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to.say wv enp.athe hewbtacbe and the thousfsd naturql shockn.
gen: 2389 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bn that iswthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcayrows of outragesul fxltune. o.fto tart army igainstml sea ofxtroubleh and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andfby q sleep to say wh enp.athe hewwtacbe and the thouscsd naturvl shockm.
gen: 2390 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to be that islthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaarows of outragewul fxltune. otjto tart arm  xgainstml sea ofvtroublea and by o.pssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr enp.cthe hewdtacbe and the thousqsd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2391 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to by that isythe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcamrows of outragewul fxltune. otdto tazt arm  xgainstml sea ofvtroublef and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr enp.cthe hewttacbe and the thousfsd naturul shockn.
gen: 2392 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bf that isrthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinihtb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaerows of outragesul fxptune. o. to tart armf xeainstml sea ofvtroubled and by otpssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wh enp.athe hewetacbe and the thoustsd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2393 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bc that isqthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcakrows of outragewul fxptune. o.qto tart army xgainstml sea ofvtrouble. and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wy end.athe hew.tacbe and the thous sd naturql shockn.
gen: 2394 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bz that isethe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaprows of outragewul fxptune. o.bto tart armv xgainstml sea ofvtrouble  and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wy end.athe hewbtacbe and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2395 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bq that isjthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcairows of outragewul fxptune. o.hto tart armi xgainstml sea ofvtroublef and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wc end.athe hewztacbe and the thous sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2396 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bx that iswthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcacrows of outragewul fxptune. o.yto tart arm. xgainstml sea ofvtroublef and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wl end.athe hewmtacbe and the thous sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2397 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bh that istthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcamrows of outragewul fxptune. o.ato tart armg xgainstml sea ofvtroublem and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say ww end.athe hewdtacbe and the thous sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2398 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to by that issthe queatior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcadrows of outragesul fxltune. otjto tazt arm  xgainstml sea ofvtroublec and by owpssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wr enp.cthe hewatacbe and the thouswsd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2399 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bx that is the queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tieykiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcawrows of outragewul fxptune. o.wto tart armm xgainstml sea ofvtroubleb and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wf end.athe hewjtacbe and the thous sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2400 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bb that isjthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcafrows of outragewul fxptune. otyto tart armn xgainstml sea ofvtroublec and by oopssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr end.cthe hewttacbe and the thous sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2401 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bb that isgthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca.rows of outragewul fxptune. o.rto tart armr xgainstml sea ofvtrouble. and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wy end.athe hewctacbe and the thous sd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2402 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to by that issthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcacrows of outragewul fxptune. o.mto tart armj xgainstml sea ofvtroublee and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wi end.athe hewytacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2403 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bk that isithe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcagrows of outragewul fxptune. otgto tart armu xgainstml sea ofvtroublei and by ozpssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr end.cthe hewltacbe and the thous sd naturql shockn.
gen: 2404 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bv that isethe queytior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcarrows of outragewul fxptune. o.ito tart armz tgainstml sea ofvtroubles and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wb end.athe hewktacbe and the thous sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2405 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bm that isfthe queytior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcalrows of outragewul fxptune. o.jto tart armn tgainstml sea ofvtroublep and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wz end.athe hewdtacbe and the thous sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2406 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bu that isxthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcafrows of outragewul fxptune. o.mto tart armd xgainstml sea ofvtroubleg and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wc end.athe hewdtacbe and the thous sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2407 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bu that issthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcadrows of outragewul fxptune. o.oto tart armx xgainstml sea ofvtroublef and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wt end.athe hewvtacbe and the thous sd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2408 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to b  that isbthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcng.vandcadrows of outragewul fxptune. o.wto tart armp xgainstml sea ofvtroubles and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wy end.athe hewztacbe and the thous sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2409 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bj that is.the queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaxrows of outragewul fxptune. otgto tart armq xgainstml sea ofvtroublek and by oqpssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr end.cthe hewdtacbe and the thous sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2410 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bw that istthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcalrows of outragewul fxptune. o.tto tart armq xgainstml sea ofvtrouble. and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wn end.athe hewstacbe and the thgus sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2411 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bt that is the queqtiov.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcahrows of outragewul fxptune. o.kto tart armo xgainstml sea ofvtroublep and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wp end.athe hewxtacbe and the thous sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2412 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bf that iscthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngjvandcacrows of outragewul fxptune. o.hto tart armh xgainstml sea ofvtroublev and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wt end.athe hewetacbe and the thous sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2413 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bm that isfthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcnguvandca.rows of outragewul fxptune. o.ito tart arm. xgainstml sea ofvtroubleb and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say ww end.athe hewptacbe and the thous sd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2414 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bn that isuthe queqtiov.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaerows of outragewul fxptune. o. to tart armn xgainstml sea ofvtroublex and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wz end.athe hewvtacbe and the thous sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2415 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bz that isethe queqtiov.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcawrows of outragewul fxptune. o.cto tart arm  xgainstml sea ofvtroubley and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wg end.athe hew.tacbe and the thous sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2416 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to by that isbthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcairows of outragewul fxptune. o.ato tart armo xgainstml sea ofvtroubleb and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wg end.athe hewgtacbe and the thous sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2417 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to br that isithe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngevandcaerows of outragewul fxptune. o.yto tart armx xgainstml sea ofvtroublek and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wt end.athe hewxtacbe and the thous sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2418 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bt that isxthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngvvandca rows of outragewul fxptune. o.pto tart armk xgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wh end.athe hewqtacbe and the thous sd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2419 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bl that ismthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcacrows of outragewul fxptune. o.yto tart armi xgainstml sea ofvtroublef and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wu end.athe hewptacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2420 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bw that iskthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaurows of outragewul ftptune. otlto tart armu xgainstml sea ofvtrouble. and by ohpssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr end.cthe hew.tacbe and the thous sd naturil shockn.
gen: 2421 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bv that isqthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaprows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tart armz xgainstml sea ofvtroubleh and by oxpssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr end.cthe hewytacbe and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2422 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bp that ishthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcalrows of outragewul fxptune. o. to tart arms xgainstml sea ofvtroublem and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andxby y sleep to say wd end.athe hewbtacbe and the thous sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2423 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bx that isnthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca rows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tart armv xgainstml sea ofvtroublej and by ozpssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr end.cthe hewgtacbe and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2424 fit: -49 chromo: .o be or not to br that ismthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcagrows of outragewul fxptune. orhto tart armg xgainstml  ea ofvtroublex and by orpssin. end themhvtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr end.cthe hexftacbe and the thous sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2425 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bb that istthe queytior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaxrows of outragewul fxptune. o.rto tart armd xgainstml sea ofvtroubley and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wn end.athe hewstacbe and the thous sd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2426 fit: -49 chromo: tokbe or not to bu that isrthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaerows of outragewul fxptune. oteto tart arme xgainstml sea ofvtroublex and by oqpssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no kore. andhby y sleep to say wr end.cthe hewrtacbe and the thous sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2427 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bo that isathe queytior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcabrows of outragewul fxptune. o.hto tarx arma xgainstml sea ofvtroublea and by oppssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wn end.athe hewstacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2428 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bx that isathe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngmvandcalrows of outragewul fxptune. othto tart armk xgainstml sea ofvtroublel and by oypwsin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wh end.cthe hewytacbe and the thous sd naturul shockn.
gen: 2429 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bf that is.the queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngtvandcatrows of outragewul fxptune. ottto tart armp xgainstml sea ofvtroublem and by olpwsin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wm end.cthe hewxtacbe and the thous sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2430 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bc that iscthe queytior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcadrows of outragewul fxptune. o.kto tarx armb xgainstml sea ofvtroublek and by otpssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wl end.athe hew.tacbe and the thous sd natursl shockn.
gen: 2431 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bz that is.the queytior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcairows of outragewul fxptune. o.lto tarx arm. xgainstml sea ofvtroublec and by oupssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wb end.athe hewjtacbe and the thous sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2432 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bn that isithe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngwvandca rows of outragewul fxptune. otvto tart armq xgainstmj sea ofvtroubley and by oepwsin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr end.cthe hew.tacbe and the thousysd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2433 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bu that iswthe queqtiov.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcarrows of outragewul fxptune. o.pto tart armz xgainstml sea ofvtroublet and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wk end.athe hewgtacbe and the thous sd natur l shockn.
gen: 2434 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bs that isothe queytior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaarows of outragewul fxptune. o. to tart arml xgainstml sea ofvtroublee and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wg end.athe hewptacbe and the thous sd naturil shockn.
gen: 2435 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bf that iskthe queqtiov.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcavrows of outragewul fxptune. o.fto tart armq xgainstml sea ofvtroubleb and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wd end.athe hew.tacbe and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2436 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bi that isythe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngavandcaqrows of outragewul fxptune. otlto tart armh xgainstmj sea ofvtroubley and by odpwsin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr end.cthe hewytacbe and the thousysd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2437 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bh that isvthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngcvandcarrows of outragewul fxptune. otsto tart arma xgainstmj sea ofvtroubled and by ofpwsin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr end.cthe hewttacbe and the thousysd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2438 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bp that isethe queqtikr.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaerows of outragewul fxptune. o.tto tart armr xgainstml sea ofvtroublem and by oepssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wy end.athe hewrtacbe and the thous sd natursl shockn.
gen: 2439 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bs that isothe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcnggvandcasrows of outragewul fxptune. otwto tart arml xgainstmj sea ofvtroubleh and by oypwsin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr end.cthe hewmtacbe and the thousysd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2440 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bs that isdthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngwvandcagrows of outragewul fxptune. othto tart arma xgainstmj sea ofvtroublew and by oqpwsin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr end.cthe hewttacbe and the thousysd natursl shockn.
gen: 2441 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bi that isfthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngavandcagrows of outragewul fxptune. otato tart arms xgainstml sea ofvtroublew and by ovpwsin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say w. end.cthe hewftacbe and the thous sd natursl shockn.
gen: 2442 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to by thbt isdthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca rows of outragewul fxptune. otlto tart army xgainstml sea ofvtroublej and by oppssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr end.cthe hewjtacbe and the thousysd naturul shockn.
gen: 2443 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bs that iscthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca rows of outragewul fxptune. o.uto tart armh xgainstml sea ofvtroubleq and by o pssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say ww end.athe hewatacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2444 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to b  that iszxhe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb scffej. ohe sldngqvandlagrows of outragewul fxptune. otzto tart armk xgainstml sea ofvtroublex and by okpssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr end.cthe hewmtacbe and the thous sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2445 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bl that isothe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngrvandcaarows of outragewul fxptune. otgto tart armf xgainstml sea ofvtroublet and by oqpwsin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wo end.cthe hewvtacbe and the thous sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2446 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bq that iskthe queytior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcadrows of outragewul fxptune. o.nto tart armd xgainstml sea ofvtroublem and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wb end.athe hewatacbe and the thous sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2447 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bj that isathe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb scffej. ohe slcngpvandca.rows of outragewul fxptune. otmto tar. armi xgainstml sea ofvtroublex and by onpssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wz end.athe hewjtacbe and the thous sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2448 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to b  that isxthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcazrows of outragewul fxptune. o.nto tart armo xgainstml sea ofvtrouble. and by ofpssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wf end.athe hewktacbe and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2449 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bh that islthe queytior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca.rows of outragewul fxptune. o.bto tart armt xgainstml sea ofvtroublep and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say ww end.athe hewhtacbe and the thous sd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2450 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bq that isnthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngbvandcalrows of outragewul fxptune. ototo tartkarm  xgainstml sea ofvtroublex and by ospssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wh end.cthe hew.tacbe and the thous sd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2451 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bd that iskthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb scffej. ohe slcngyvandcacrows of outragewul fxptune. o.tto tar. armq xgainstml sea ofvtroubley and by ospssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wo end.athe hewstacje and the thous sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2452 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bv that isjthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcarrows of outragewul fxptune. o.gto tar. armg xgainstml sea ofvtroublew and by ospssin. end them.vtogdje to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wq end.athe hewmtacbe and the thous sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2453 fit: -49 chromo: to be or fot to bb that isvthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb scffej. ohe slcngfvandcagrows of outragewul fxptune. otito tart armh xgainstml sea ofvtroubleu and by oepssin. end them.vtohdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wl end.athe hewjtacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2454 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bb that isbthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcnglvandcacrows of outragewul fxptune. o.ato tar. armz xgainstml sea ofvtroublek and by ospssin. end them.vtogdje to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say ww end.athe hewmtacbe and the thous sd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2455 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to ba that issthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffej. ohe slcngyvandcadrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tart armn xgainstml sea ofvtroubles and by oopwsin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wm end.cthe hewntacbe and the thous sd naturil shockn.
gen: 2456 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to be that isfthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb scffej. ohe slcngwvandca rows of outragewul fxptune. o.hto tar. armk xgainstml sea ofvtroublev and by ospssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wn end.athe hewatacje and the thous sd naturql shockn.
gen: 2457 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bv that isnthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb scffej. ohe slcngzvandcavrows of outragewul fxptune. o.jto tar. armn xgainstml sea ofvtroublep and by ospssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wb end.athe hewrtacje and the thous sd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2458 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bi that is.the queqtior.wwhesher tis kogler in tie kiniftb sdffen. ohe slcngovandcaproqs of outragewul fxptune. otsto tart armj xgainstml sea ofvtroubleq and by ospwsin. end them.vtohdne to slmep. no more. andhby q sleep to say wj end.cthe hewztacbe and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2459 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to b  that istthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngnvandcalrows of outragewul fxptune. osxto tart armf xgainstml sea ofvtroublev and by olpssin. end them.vtogdje to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say ws end.cthe heuutacje and the thous sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2460 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to by that isdthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb scffej. ohe slcngmvandcakrows of outragewul fxptune. o.tto tar. arms xgainstml sea ofvtrouble. and by ospssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wa end.athe hewztacje and the thous sd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2461 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bg that isjthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kiniftb scffej. ohe slcngwvandcanrows of outragewul fxptune. o.mto tar. armg xgainstml sea ofvtroublea and by ospssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wl end.athe hewxtacje and the thous sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2462 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bn that issthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcagrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armo wgainstml sea ofvtroubled and by oupssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wf end.athe hewgtacbe and the thous sd naturul shockn.
gen: 2463 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bh that islthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcahrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armb wgainstml sea ofvtroublen and by owpssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wn end.athe hewftacbe and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2464 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bk that is.the queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcayrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armx wgainstml sea ofvtrouble. and by obpssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say ww end.athe hewgtacbe and the thous sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2465 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to br that ismthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sdffez. ohe slcngxvandcawrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armu wgainstml sea ofvtrourle  and by otpssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wh end.athe hew.tacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2466 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bs that issthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca rows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armc wgainstml sea ofvtroubleu and by oopssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wn end.athe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2467 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to br that isythe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca rows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armm wgainstml sea ofvtroublep and by ospssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wo end.athe hewztacbe and the thous sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2468 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bp that isqthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcadrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armp wgainstml sea ofvtroublem and by otpssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wc end.athe hewztacbe and the thous sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2469 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to b  that isgthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaorows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. arm. wgainstml sea ofvtroublet and by ohpssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say ws end.athe hewztacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2470 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to ba that isqthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca rows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armb wgainstml sea ofvtroubler and by oppssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wg end.athe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2471 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to by that iwrthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sbffej. ohe slcngxvandcaurows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armc wgainstml sea ofvtroublei and by onpssint end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say w. end.athe hewgtacbe and the thous sd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2472 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bc that isfthe queqtior.wwhether tis .ogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaxrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armk wgainstml sea ofvtroubleq and by otpwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wm end.athe hewctacbe and the thous sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2473 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bp that ishthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca rows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armd ugainstml sea ofvtroubled and by oepwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wb end.athe hewhtacbe and the thous sd naturql shockn.
gen: 2474 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to b  that isethe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcarrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armv wgainstml sea ofvtroubleh and by oypssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wt end.athe hewqtacbe and the thous sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2475 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to b  that isuthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcakrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. arme ugainstml sea ofvtroublee and by oepwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say w. end.athe hewptacbe and the thous sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2476 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to ba that isdthe queqtior.wwhether tjs cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcadrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armn ugainstml sea ofvtroublew and by ohpwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wj end.athe hewztacbe and the thous sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2477 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bi that isgthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca rows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armc wgainstml sea ofvtroubleq and by ogpssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wy end.athe hewstacbe and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2478 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bv that isgthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcavrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armp ugainstml sea ofvtroubleckand by oppwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wl end.athe hewmtacbe and the thous sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2479 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to b. that isxthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcasrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. arma wgainstml sea ofvtrouble. and by owpssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say we end.athe hewrtacbe and the thous sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2480 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bm that iszthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcahrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armc ugainstml sea ofvtroublem and by oapwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wa end.athe hewstacbe and the thous sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2481 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to b. that isvthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaarows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armt ugainstml sea ofvtrouble  and by oipwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wk end.athe hewdtacbe and the thous sd naturql shockn.
gen: 2482 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bx that isfthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcayrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armp ugainstml sea ofvtroublee and by oipwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wt end.athe hewjtacbe and the thous sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2483 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to b  that isvthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaprows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. army wgainstml sea ofvtroubler and by oepssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr end.athe hewxtacbe and the thous sd naturul shockn.
gen: 2484 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bd that isgthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcayrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armw wgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by ozpssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wg end.athe hewxtacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2485 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bh that ispthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcamrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armw ugainstml sea ofvtroublej and by o pwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wl end.athe hewwtacbe and the thous sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2486 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bm that ispthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcabrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armv wgainstml sea ofvtroublev and by oppssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wd end.athe hewqtacbe and the thous sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2487 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bw that isnthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca.rows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armf ugainstml sea ofvtroublea and by ocpwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wq end.athe hewptacbe and the thous sd natural shockn.
gen: 2488 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bi that isuthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcalrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armm ugainstml sea ofvtroublem and by ozpwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wv end.athe hewrtacbe and the thous sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2489 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to be that ispthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaarows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armm ugainstml sea ofvtroublef and by ompwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wg end.athe hewitacbe and the thous sd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2490 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bd that isythe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaprows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. arml ugainstml sea ofvtroubler and by oqpwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wk end.athe hewjtacbe and the thous sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2491 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to b. that is the queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaqrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armt ugainstml sea ofvtroublep.and by ogpwsin. end them.vtogdme to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wj end.athe hewftacbe and the thous sd natursl shockn.
gen: 2492 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bn that isfthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcanrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armz ugainstml sea ofvtroublel and by oypwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wt end.athe hewvtacbe and the thous sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2493 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to b  that is.the queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcamrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armq wgainstml sea ofvtroublej and by ofpssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wc end.athe hewgtacbe and the thous sd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2494 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bx that isbthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaorows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armb wgainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oapssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wv end.athe hewotacbe and the thous sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2495 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to be that is.the queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcavrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armw ugainstml sea ofvtroublez and by ozpssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wb end.qthe hewetacbe and the thous sd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2496 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to b  that isbthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcagrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armg wgainstml sea ofvtroubles and by otpssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say we end.athe hewetacbe and the thous sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2497 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to br that isgthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaarows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armv ugainstml sea ofvtroubles and by oqpssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wt end.qthe hewqtacbe and the thous sd naturul shockn.
gen: 2498 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bj that isqthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaarows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armd ugainstml sea ofvtroublep and by ozpssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wg end.qthe hewztacbe and the thous sd natursl shockn.
gen: 2499 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bu that iszthe queqtior.cwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcahrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. arms ugainstml sea ofvtroublep and by oepwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wp end.athe hes tacbe and the thous sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2500 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bw that istthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietj sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcacrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armr ugainstml sea ofvtroublej and by oepssin.yend them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wn end.qthe hewitacbe and the thous sd naturhl shockm.
gen: 2501 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bk that isfthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca rows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armw ugainstml sea ofvtroublep and by ofpwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say ww end.athe hewhtacbe and the thous sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2502 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to b  that isbthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaqrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armi ugainstml sea ofvtroublej and by oypwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wx end.athe hewntacbe and the thous sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2503 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to b. that iskthe queqtior.wwhether tis kogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcafrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armx wgainstml sea ofvtroublel and by onpssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wk end.athe hewktacbe and the thous sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2504 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to b  that isvthe queqtior.owhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcairows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armn ugainstml sea ofvtroublef and by ohpwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say w. end.athe hesatacbe and the thous sd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2505 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bu that islthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcabrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armg ugainstml sea ofvtroublev and by ohpwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wu end.athe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2506 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bh that istthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcadrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armt ugainstml sea ofvtroublec and by ogpssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wn end.qthe hewatacbe and the thous sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2507 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bh that isgthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaorows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armf ugainstml sea ofvtroublei and by obpssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wn end.qthe hewktacbe and the thous sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2508 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bn that iscthe queqtior.owhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca rows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armb ugainstml sea ofvtroublex and by obpwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wf end.athe hesutacbe and the thous sd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2509 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bv that isbthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaerows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armi ugainstml sea ofvtroublex and by ompssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wl end.qthe hewytacbe and the thous sd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2510 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bm that iswthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcazrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armf ugainstml sea ofvtrouble  and by ofpwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wo end.athe hewctacbe and the thous sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2511 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bi that iskthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcavrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armh ugainstml sea ofvtroublel and by oopwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wj end.athe hewgtacbe and the thous sd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2512 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bi that isdthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcamrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armv ugainstml sea ofvtroublez and by oxpwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wi end.athe hew tacbe and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2513 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bd that islthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaorows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. arme ugainstml sea ofvtroubles and by ogpssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wu end.qthe hewetacbe and the thous sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2514 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bg that iscthe queqtior.wwhether tis gogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaorows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. arm  ugainstml sea ofvtroublei and by odpssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say sv end.qthe hewftacbe and the thous sd natural shockn.
gen: 2515 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to be that ispthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcawrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armp ugainstml sea ofvtroublew and by oupssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wy end.qthe hewhtacbe and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2516 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bs that iszthe queqtior.owhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcawrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armx ugainstml sea ofvtroubleq and by onpwsin. end them vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wh end.athe hewdtacbe and the thous sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2517 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to b. that isvthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcasrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armw ugainstml sea ofvtroubles and by onpssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wi end.qthe hewttacbe and the thous sd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2518 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bg that issthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcamrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armx ugainstml sea ofvtrouble. and by oxpssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wd end.qthe hewptacbe and the thous sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2519 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to by that issthe queqtior.ywhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcawrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armb ugainstml sea ofvtroubleu and by oppwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wp end.athe hesstacbe and the thous sd natur l shockn.
gen: 2520 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bf that isothe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcakrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armh ugainstml sea ofvtroublek and by oepwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wu end.athe hewltacbe and the thous sd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2521 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bz that isrthe queqtioq.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcahrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. arml ugainstml sea ofvtroublex and by ozpssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say w  end.qthe hewttacbe and the thous sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2522 fit: -49 chromo: to be or not to bh that isathe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaqrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armg ugainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by ospssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wm end.qthe hew.tacbe and the thous sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2523 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bn that iszthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcarrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armm ugainstml sea ofvtroublea and by orpssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wd end.qthe hewftacbe and the thous sd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2524 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bl that is the queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcahrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. arm  ugainstml sea ofvtroublep and by ojpwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say w. end.athe hewntacbe and the thous sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2525 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bi that isvthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaprows of outragewuk fxptune. ot to tar. armb ugainstml sea ofxtroubleo and by oopssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr end.qthe hewhtacbe and the thous sd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2526 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bv that iswthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcabrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. arme ugainstml sea ofxtroublel and by orpssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wl end.qthe hewttacbe and the thous sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2527 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bk that isrthe queqtior.swhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcawrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armt ugainstml sea ofvtroublep and by ovpwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say w. end.athe hesotacbe and the thous sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2528 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bp that iszthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca.rows of outragewuk fxptune. ot to tar. armv ugainstml sea ofxtroubleq and by oypssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wc end.qthe hewgtacbe and the thous sd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2529 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bl that isgthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcakrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armw ugainstml sea ofvtroublea and by oxpssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wd end.qthe hewrtacbe and the thous sd natural shockn.
gen: 2530 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bj that ispthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcatrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armo ugainstml sea ofvtroublet and by ohpssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wa end.qthe hewdtacbe and the thous sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2531 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bw that istthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcakrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armo ugainstml sea ofvtroublew and by okpssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wx end.qthe hewntacbe and the thous sd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2532 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bn that isdthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcawrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. arml ugainstml sea ofvtroublez and by ovpssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wu end.qthe hewktacbe and the thous sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2533 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bq that isbthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcamrows of oetragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armk ugainstml sea offtroubleh and by ofpwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wn end.athe hesmtacbe and the thous sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2534 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bx that iskthe queqtior.lwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcafrows of outragewuk fxptune. ot to tar. armf ugainstol sea ofvtroublek and by ospwsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andfby y sleep to say wl end.athe hesdsacbe and the thous sd natural shockn.
gen: 2535 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bi that isrthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca rows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armo ugainstml sea ofvtroubles and by oppssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wm end.qthe hewvtacbe and the thous sd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2536 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bb that isjthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandaakrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armz ugainstml sea ofvtroublem and by oipssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wj end.qthe hewotacbe and the thous sd natursl shockn.
gen: 2537 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to ba that isqthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ehe slcngxvandcadrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armo ugainstml sea ofvtroubleu and by ocpssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wm enb.qthe hewptacbe and the thous sd natural shockm.
gen: 2538 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bo that iszthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaurows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. arm. ugainstml sea ofvtroublet and by oypssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say ws enb.qthe hewstacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockm.
gen: 2539 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bv that isqthe queqtior.wwhether tis dogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcafrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. army ugainstel sea ofvtroublec and by otpssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wo end.qthe hewztacbe and the thous sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2540 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to ba that isethe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcabrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armj ugainstml sea ofvtroubler and by oopssin. end them.vtogdne to slnep. no more. andhby y sleep to say we end.athe hewvtacbe and the thous sd natural shockn.
gen: 2541 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bc that itjthe queqtior.twhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandaatrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to taq. arme ugainstml sea ofvtroublep and by ozpssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. anddby y sleep to say wm end.qthe hewftacbe and the thous sd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2542 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bo that isithe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaerows of outragewul fxptune. ot to taq. armz ugainstml sea ofvtroublez and by ohpssin. end them.atogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wn end.qthe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2543 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bz that isrthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandaakrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armx ugainstml sea ofvtroublen and by onpssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wg end.qthe hewvtacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2544 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bg that isythe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ghe slcngxvandcayrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar  armz ugainstml sea ofxtroublew and by ojpssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wz end.qthe hew tacbe and the thous sd naturul shockn.
gen: 2545 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bv that isdthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. hhe slcngxvandcayrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar  armp ugainstml sea ofxtroublei and by ocpssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr end.qthe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2546 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bm that isfthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandaaxrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. army ugainstml sea ofvtroublep and by odpssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wm end.qthe hewdtacbe and the thous sd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2547 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bk that islthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandaacrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armp ugainstml sea ofvtroubles and by ojpssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wc end.qthe hewytacbe and the thous sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2548 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bw that iswthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandaaqrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armu ugainstml sea ofvtroubleb and by ocpssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wd end.qthe hewwtacbe and the thous sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2549 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bv that isgthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. rhe sldngxvandcaarows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar  armv ugainstml sea ofxtroublec and by ozpssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr end.qthe hewctacbe and the thous sd naturul shockn.
gen: 2550 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to be that isnthe queqtiob.swhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandaaarows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. arms ugainstml sea ofvtroublec and by o pssin. end them.vtogdme to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wj end.qthe hewdtacre and the thousysd naturll shockn.
gen: 2551 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bl that isfthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcanrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to taq. armu ugainstml sea ofxtroubleb and by owpssin. end them.wtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say w. end.qthe hewztacbe and the thous sd naturql shockn.
gen: 2552 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to b. that isfthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ehe slcngxvandcairows of outragewul fxptune. otyto taq  armt ugainstml sea ofvtroublet and by obptsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wv end.qthe hewatacbe and the thous sd naturtl shockp.
gen: 2553 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bi that isythe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandaavrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. army ugainstml sea ofvtroubler and by oxpssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wo end.qthe hewwtacbe and the thous sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2554 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bo that isvthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandaajrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tarz armk ugainstml sea ofvtroublei and by owpssin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby e sleep to say wj end.qthe hewitacbe and the thous sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2555 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bq that issthe queqtior.wwhether tis cohler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcanrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to tar. armr ugainstml sea ofvtroublez and by oxptsin. end them.vtogdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wi end.athe heevtacbe and the thous sd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2556 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bx that isdthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcajrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. armm ugainstml sea ofvtroublef and by ocptsin. end them.htowdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wc end.qthe hewwtacbe and the thous sd natursl shockn.
gen: 2557 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bj that is the queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcavrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. arm. ugainstml sea ofxtroubleq and by o.ptsin. end them.dtowdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wp end.qthe hewntacbe and the thous sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2558 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bu that issthe questior.wwhether tis coglfr in tie kinietb sdffej. hhe slcngxvandcagrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  arma ugainstml sea ofvtroublea and by otptsin. end them.gtogdne to sjeep. no more. andhby   sleep to say ws end.rthe hewptacbe and the thous sd naturul shockp.
gen: 2559 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bo that iscthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcahrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to taq. armf ugainstml sea ofvtroublev and by owpssin. end them.vtowdne to slmep. no mora. andhby c sleep to say wg end.qthe hewytacbe and the thous sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2560 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bw that isuthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcarrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. armu ugainstml sea ofvtroubleq and by okptsin. end them.vtowdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wh end.qthe hewmtacbe and the thous sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2561 fit: -48 chromo: to be or not to bc that isvthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcayrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. arm  ugainstml sea ofvtroublec and by obptsin. end them.etowdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wo end.qthe hewdtacbe and the thous sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2562 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bq that ispthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcanrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. armh ugainstml sea ofvtroubleo and by oeptsin. end them.ztowdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wi end.qthe hewztacbe and the thous sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2563 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bb that isythe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaurows of outragewul ftptune. or to tarw armu ugainstml sea ofvtroubleg and by owptsin. end them.htowdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wy end.qthe hewjtacbe and the thous sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2564 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bh that isjthu questior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. khe slcngxvandcasrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq. arml ugainstml sea ofvtroubleq and by o ptsin. end them.btoxdng to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wi end.qthe hewftacbe and the thous sd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2565 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bb that isdthe questior.wwhether tis coglfr in tie kinietb sdffej. che slcngxvandcavrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  armz ugainstml sea ofvtroublev and by ojptsin. end them.stogdne to sjeep. no more. andhby z sleep to say wn end.rthe hew.tacbe and the thous sd naturul shockp.
gen: 2566 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to be that istthe questior.wwhether tis coglfr in tie kinietb sdffej. qhe slcngxvandcakrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  armm ugainstml sea ofvtroubleb and by ofptsin. end them.ltogdne to sjeep. no more. andhby h sleep to say wf end.rthe hewgtacbe and the thous sd naturul shockp.
gen: 2567 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bb that isuthe queqtiob.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcacrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to taq  arm. ugainstml sea ofxtroublec and by ofpssin. end them.stogdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wn end.rthe hewvtacbe and the thous sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2568 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bl that isvthe queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcasrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. army ugainstml sea ofvtroublev and by ocptsin. end them.otowdne to slmep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wk end.qthe hewotacbe and the thous sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2569 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bv that is.the queqtior.wwhether tis cogler in tieskinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcasrows of outragewul ftptune. or to tars armp ugainstml sea ofvtroublea and by owptsin. end them.ntowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wq end.rthe hewetacbe and the thous sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2570 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to ba that isnthe questior.wwgethfr tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaerows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq. armx ugainstml sea ofxtroublec and by odptsin. end them.mtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby d sleep to say wv end.qthe hewbtacbe and the thous sd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2571 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bi that isvthu questior.wwhether tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. che slcngxvandcaqrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq. armq ugainstml sea ofvtroublea and by ofptsin. end them.ltoxdng to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wf end.qthe hewdtacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2572 fit: -47 chromo: to bb or not to bk that ishthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaqrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  armj ugainstml sea ofxtroubleh and by ocpssin. end them.atowdne to sleep. no more. andhby u sleep to say wi end.qthe hewntacbe and the thous sd naturil shockn.
gen: 2573 fit: -47 chromo: to bb or not to bb that isbthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcafrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  armj ugainstml sea ofxtroublei and by ohpssin. end them.ttowdne to sleep. no more. andhby   sleep to say wk end.qthe hewqtacbe and the thous sd natural shockn.
gen: 2574 fit: -47 chromo: to bb or not to bf that isithe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcagrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  armf ugainstml sea ofxtroublea and by odpssin. end them.atowdne to sleep. no more. andhby j sleep to say wg end.qthe hewctacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2575 fit: -47 chromo: to bb or not to bv that isdthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcarrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  armx ugainstml sea ofxtroubleg and by ovpssin. end them.ntowdne to sleep. no more. andhby z sleep to say wd end.qthe hewgtacbe and the thous sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2576 fit: -47 chromo: to bb or not to bm that isithe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca rows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  armw ugainstml sea ofxtroublei and by obpssin. end them.xtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby e sleep to say wp end.qthe hewytacbe and the thous sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2577 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bd that iszthe questior.wwhethet tis cogler in tie kinietb sdffej. ofe slcngxrandcaarows of outragewul fxptune. or to taqs arm  ugainstml sea ofxtroubleu and by ovptsin. end them.ztogdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say w. end.rthe hewitacbe and the thous sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2578 fit: -47 chromo: to bb or not to bj that isrthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcagrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  armu ugainstml sea ofxtroublef and by ospssin. end them.ntowdne to sleep. no more. andhby i sleep to say wh end.qthe hewgtacbe and the thous sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2579 fit: -47 chromo: to bb or not to bx that ishthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcagrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  arml ugainstml sea ofxtroublec and by oupssin. end them.utowdne to sleep. no more. andhby o sleep to say wm end.qthe hewitacbe and the thous sd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2580 fit: -47 chromo: toybb or not to ba that isrthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaorows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  armw ugainstml sea ofxtroublek and by oppssin. end them.utowdne to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wd end.qthe hewqtacbe and the thous sd naturgd shockn.
gen: 2581 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bz that istthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tje kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaprows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. army ugainstml sea ofvtroublea and by ompssin. end them.etowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wr end.qthe.hewitacbe and the thous sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2582 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bd that islthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaorows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  arme ugainstml sea ofxtroublen and by ovpssin. end them.htowdne to sleep. no more. andhby z sleep to say wk end.qthe hewwtacbe and she thous sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2583 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bn that isnthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaxrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  arml ugainstml sea ofxtroubley and by ojpssin. end them.ptowdne to sleep. no more. andhby r sleep to say wr end.qthe hewttacbe and she thous sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2584 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to by that isuthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca.rows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  armf ugainstml sea ofxtroubleo and by ozpssin. end them.qtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby x sleep to say wy end.qthe hewztacbe and she thous sd natur l shockn.
gen: 2585 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bl that isethe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tje kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcabrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. arms ugainstml sea ofvtrouble. and by ohpssin. end them.btowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say w  end.qthe.hewstacbe and the thous sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2586 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bk that isethe queqtiob.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcahrows of outragewul fxptune. ot to taq  armf ugainstml sea ofxtroublew and by ojpssin. end them.ntogdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wx end.rthe hewbtacbe and the thous sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2587 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bb that istthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tje kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcakrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. armk ugainstml sea ofvtroubleb and by ogpssin. end them.wtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wj end.qthe.hewltacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2588 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bg that isothe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tje kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcajrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. armk ugainstml sea ofvtroublen and by o pssin. end them.itowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wj end.qthe.hewdtacbe and the thous sd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2589 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bw that islthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tje kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcanrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. arma ugainstml sea ofvtroublex and by owpssin. end them.xtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wy end.qthe.hewytacbe and the thous sd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2590 fit: -47 chromo: to bb or not to bs that isgthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaqrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  armr ugainstml sea ofxtroublen and by oopssin. end them.etowdne to sleep. no more. andhby a sleep to say wl end.qthe hewetacbe and the thous sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2591 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to b  that ispthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tje kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaarows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. armr ugainstml sea ofvtroublej and by ompssin. end them.xtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say w. end.qthe.hewatacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2592 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bh that isathe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcawrows of outragegul ftptune. or to taq. arm  ugainstmk sea ofvrroubler and by oxpssin. end them.atowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wl end.qthe hewbtacbe and the thous sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2593 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to b. that isjthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb slffej. ohe slcngxvandcawrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  arm. ugainstml sea ofxtroubjek and by ospssin. end them.rtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say wb end.qthe hewntacbe and the thous sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2594 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to b  that isdthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linietb sdffej. ohe slcngxxandcafrows of outragewul ftptunez or to taq. armo ugainstml sea ofutroublev and by oxpssin. end shem.htowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wm end.qthe hewntacbe and the thous sd natursl shockn.
gen: 2595 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bv that isqthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietf sdffej. ohe slcngpvandcawrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  armo ugainstml sma ofvtrouble  and by odpssin. end them. bowdne to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to say wc end.rthe hewutacbe and the thous qd naturil shockn.
gen: 2596 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bt that ismthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tje kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaxrows pf outragewul ftptune. or to taq. armq ugainstml sea ofvtroubled and by oupssin. end them.ltowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wj end.qthe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2597 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bb that isithe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngrvandca.rgws of outragewul ftptune. or to tay. armi ugainstmo sea ofvtroubleo and by oepssin. end them.gtowdne to sleep. no moqe. andhby y sleep to say wx end.rthe hewctacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2598 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bu that iscthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tje kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcaurows pf outragewul ftptune. or to taq. army ugainstml sea ofvtrouble  and by oapssin. end them.htowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wz end.qthe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturil shockn.
gen: 2599 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bu that iskthe questikr.wwhether tis cogler in tbe kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngwvandcalrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armm ugainstmt sea ofxtroublel and by oxpssin. end them.ltowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say ws end.qthe hewktacbe and the thous sd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2600 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bs that isrthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcadrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. armq ugainstml sea ofutroublei and by olpssin. end shem.dtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wj end.qthe hewwtacbe and the thous sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2601 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bi that isithe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxqandcaxrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. arme ugainstml sea ofutroubleo and by oppssin. end shem.ztowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wh end.qthe hewvtacbe and the thous sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2602 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to by that isnthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngwvandcazrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  arme ugainstmlgsea ofvtroublei amd by o.pssin. end them.dtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby t sleep to say wq end.rthe hewttacbe and the thousyqd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2603 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bc that iskthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxqandca rows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. arm  ugainstml sea ofutroubles and by ofpssin. end shem.ptowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wh end.qthe hewftacbe and the thous sd natursl shockn.
gen: 2604 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to ba that isgthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb slffej. ohe slcngxvandcajrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. ariq ugainstml sea ofutroubleo and by o pssin. end them.ftowdne to sleep. no more. andhby c sleep to say wt end.qthe hewctacbe and the thous sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2605 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bn that isnthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tje kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcafrows pf outragewul ftptune. or to taq. armq ugainstml sea ofvtroublea and by olpssin. end them.xtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wu end.qthe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2606 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bt that isgthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tbe kinietb sdffej. phe slcngxvandcazrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  atmh ugainstml sea ofvtroubleg and by olpssin  end them.ztowdme to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say w. end.qthe hewjtqcbe and the thous sd naturql shockn.
gen: 2607 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bp that isbthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietf sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcasrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  arme ugainstml sea ofvtroubleu and by onpssin. end them.yboxdne to sleep. no more. andhby o sleep to say wt end.rthe hewztacbe and the thousyqd naturol shockn.
gen: 2608 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bg that islthe questior.wwhether tiw cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca.rows of outragewul ftptune. or to taqy arml ugainstml sea ofvtroublep and by onpssin. end shem.ctoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby t sleep to say wc end.rthe hewwtacbe and the thous sd naturql shockn.
gen: 2609 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bm that isnthe questior.wwhether tis cogler.in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngwvandcalrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. armb ugainstml sea offtroublep and by ofpssin. end them.mtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wk end.qthe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2610 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bv that isothe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb slffej. ohe slcngxvandcalrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. ariz ugainstml sea ofutroublec and by oppssin. end them.btowdne to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wa end.qthe hewctacbe and the thous sd natur l shockn.
gen: 2611 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bv that iszthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietf sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcagrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  armj ugainstml sea ofvtroublej and by oppssin. end them.oboxdne to sleep. no more. andhby r sleep to say wt end.rthe hewjtacbe and the thousyqd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2612 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bx that isrthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngw.andcaorows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutrouble  and by ohpssin. end them.wtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say ww end.qthe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2613 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bl that iscthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngwwandcavrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armo ugainstml sea ofutroublek and by okpssin. end them.otowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wd end.qthe hewutacbe and the thous sd natur l shockn.
gen: 2614 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bb that isythe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinyetb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandcawrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armr ugainstml sea ofutroublet and by oipssin. end tfem.itoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wz end.qthe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2615 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to bp that is.thu questior.wwhether tis cogler in tbe kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcanrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armc ugainstml sea ofxtroublex and by odpssin. end them.etowdne to sleep. no more. andhby   sleep to say wn endzqthe hewgtacbe and the thous qd naturel shockn.
gen: 2616 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to be that isithe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb slffej. ohe slcngxvandcabrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. arit ugainstml sea ofutroubled and by ospssin. end them.mtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby p sleep to say wg end.qthe hewhtacbe and the thous sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2617 fit: -47 chromo: to be or not to be that istthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngwlandcalrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armc ugainstml sea ofutroublet and by ocpssin. end them..towdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wo end.qthe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2618 fit: -46 chromo: to be or not to bc that is.the questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngwuandcaurows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armh ugainstml sea ofutroubleu and by oupssin. end them.qtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wv end.qthe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2619 fit: -46 chromo: to be or not to bh that isjthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngwdandcaorows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleg and by oapssin. end them.ctowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wx end.qthe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturul shockn.
gen: 2620 fit: -46 chromo: to be or not to by that isathe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngw.andcavrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  arm  ugainstml sea ofutroublev and by oepssin. end them..towdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wt end.qthe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2621 fit: -46 chromo: to be or not to bf that isnthe questior.wwhether tis dogler in tbe kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandcawrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  arme ugainstmk sea ofetroublet and by ogpssin. end them.ctowdne to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to saq wi end.rthe hewhtacbe and the thous sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2622 fit: -46 chromo: to be or not to ba that islthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngw.andcaqrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  army ugainstml sea ofutroublel and by oppssin. end them. towdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say we end.qthe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2623 fit: -46 chromo: to be or not to bg that iscthe questior.wwhether tis dogler in tbe kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandcanrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  armf ugainstmk sea ofetroublew and by oppssin. end them.otowdne to sleep. no more. andhby m sleep to saq wx end.rthe hewvtacbe and the thous sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2624 fit: -46 chromo: to be or not to bt that isythe questior.wwhether tis dogler in tbe kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandcacrows of outragewul fxptune. or to taq  army ugainstmk sea ofetroublex and by ogpssin. end them.etowdne to sleep. no more. andhby g sleep to saq wl end.rthe hewstacbe and the thous sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2625 fit: -46 chromo: to be or not to bi that isothe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngwpandcacrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  arm  ugainstml sea ofutroubleh and by ocpssin. end them.etowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wf end.qthe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2626 fit: -46 chromo: to be or not to bj that icethe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinyetb slffej. ohe slcngwvandkadrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armg ugainstml sea ofutroublel and by oxpssin. end them.wtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby   sleep to say w. end.qthe hewrtacbe and the thous sd natursl shockn.
gen: 2627 fit: -46 chromo: to be or not to bf that isuthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tae kinietb slffej. ohe slcngxvandcarrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. ario ugainstml sea ofutroubler and by ogpssin. end them.ntowdne to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say wm end.qthe hewvtacbe and the thous sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2628 fit: -46 chromo: to be or not to by that isfthe questior.wwhether tis dogler in tae kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngxvandcairows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armc ugainstmk sea ofutroubjey and by oopssin. end them.mtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby   sleep to say wd end.qthe hewntacbe and the thous sd natursl shockn.
gen: 2629 fit: -46 chromo: to be or not to bi that iscthe questior.wwhether tis dogler in tae kinqetb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandcaezows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  arma ugainstml sea ofetroubles and by ozpssin. end them.ntoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby c sleep to say wl end.rthe hewhtacbe and the thous sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2630 fit: -46 chromo: to be or not to bq that isithe qwestior.wwhether tis cogler in tbe kinyetb sdffej. ohe sldngsoandkazrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armk ugainstmk sea ofutroublef and by ocpssin. end them.rtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wc end.qthe hewotacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2631 fit: -46 chromo: to be or not to bc that isvthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca rows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armu ugainstml sea ofutroubley and by oepssin. end them.qtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say wg end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd natur l shockm.
gen: 2632 fit: -45 chromo: to be or not to bw that isothe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngwfandcairows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  arms ugainstml sea ofutroublej and by oupssin. end them.stowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wb end.qthe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2633 fit: -45 chromo: to be or not to bk that isythe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngxvandca rows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq. arme ugainstml sea ofutroublem and by otpssin. end them.utowdne to sleep. no more. andhby i sleep to say wp end.qthe hexutadbe and the thous sd naturnl shockm.
gen: 2634 fit: -45 chromo: to be or nos to bu that is the questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinqetb sdffej. ohe slcngs.andcagrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armm ugainstmk sea ofutroublec and by ocpssin. end them.atowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wj end.qthe hew tacbe and the thous sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2635 fit: -45 chromo: to be or not to bl that isfthe qwestior.wwhether tis cogler in tbe kinyetb sdffej. ohe sldngssandkaorows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  arme ugainstmk sea ofutroubleq and by ozpssin. end them.rtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say w  end.qthe dewutacbe and the thous sd naturul shockn.
gen: 2636 fit: -45 chromo: to be or not to bz that isxthe questioq.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvanddazrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  arme ugainstml sea ofutroubleh and by ofpssin. end them..towdne to tleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wj end.rthe hewetacbe and the thous sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2637 fit: -45 chromo: to be or not to ba that iscshe qwestior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinyetb sdffej. ohe sldngsfandkadrows of outragewul fdptune. or to tau  armv ugainstmk sea ofutroublez and by oypssin. end them.ntowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wa end.qthe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2638 fit: -45 chromo: to be or nos to bi that isrthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinqetb sdffej. ohe slcngstandcazrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armz ugainstmk sea ofutroubled and by olpssin. end them.etowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wk end.qthe hewctacbe and the thous sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2639 fit: -45 chromo: to be or not to b  that isxthe questioq.wwhether tis dogler in tae kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaprows of outragelul ftptune. or to taq  arms ugainstml sea ofutroubleq and by ozpssin. end them.atowdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wq end.qthe hexetacbe and rhe xhous sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2640 fit: -45 chromo: to be or not to bg that isuthe questioq.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvanddatrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armg ugainstmk sea ofutroublel and by ozpssin. end them.ftowdne to sleep. no more. andhby . sleep to say wd end.qthe hexftacbe and the thous sd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2641 fit: -45 chromo: to be or not to bl that islthe questior.wwhether tiw cogler in tle kinietb slffej. ohe slcngqvandcazrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armh ugainstmk sea ofutroublex and by onpssin. end them.ftowdne to sleep. no more. andhby u sleep to saq wk end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2642 fit: -45 chromo: to be or not to b  that isdthe questioq.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvanddafrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  army ugainstmk sea ofutroubleu and by oepssin. end them.wtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby q sleep to say wy end.qthe hexptacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2643 fit: -45 chromo: to be or not to b. that isothe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcafrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  arm  ugainstml sea ofutroubleo and by ocpssin. end them.ztowdne to sleep. no more. andhby v sleep to say wh end.qthe hexrtacbe and the thous sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2644 fit: -45 chromo: to be or not to bj that isdthe questioq.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvanddamrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armf ugainstmk sea ofutroublea and by otpssin. end them.wtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby e sleep to say wf end.qthe hexntacbe and the thous sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2645 fit: -45 chromo: to be or not to bb that isythe questioq.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvanddagrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  arms ugainstmk sea ofutroublek and by oapssin. end them.ftowdne to sleep. no more. andhby w sleep to say wb end.qthe hex.tacbe and the thous sd natur l shockn.
gen: 2646 fit: -45 chromo: to be or not to b  that iszthe questior.wwhether tis dogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcalrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armh ugainstml sea ofutroublee and by oopssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby . sleep to say wv end.rthe hexjtacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2647 fit: -45 chromo: to be or not to bg that isfthe questioq.wwhether tis dogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandkarrows of outragewud ftptune. or to taq  arml ugainstml sea ofutroublej and by oopssin. end them.dtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say wh end.qthe hexrtacbe and the thous sd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2648 fit: -45 chromo: to be or not to b  that isfthe questioq.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvanddaerows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armk ugainstmk sea ofutroubleq and by ohpssin. end them.atowdne to sleep. no more. andhby c sleep to say ws end.qthe hexptacbe and the thous sd naturil shockn.
gen: 2649 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bc that ismthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsrandkanrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armg ugainstmk sea ofutroublej and by ompssin. end them.atowdne to sleep. no more. andfby v sleep to say wu end.qthe hewytacre and the thous sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2650 fit: -43 chromo: to be or ngt to bo that iszthe questior.wwhether tis dooler in tae kinmmtb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandkadrows of outragewud ftptune. or to taq  armf ugainstml sea ofutroublec and by ospssin. end them.ytoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby o sleep to say wx end.rthe hexitacbe and the thous sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2651 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to ba that isythe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsfandkamrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armc ugainstmk sea ofutroublei and by oqpssin. end them.vtowdne to sleep. no more. andfby k sleep to say wq end.qthe hewetacre and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2652 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bd that isbthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcavrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armc ugainstml sea ofutroubleq and by o pssin. end them.vtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby v sleep to say we end.qthe hexitacbe and the thous sd natur l shockn.
gen: 2653 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bv that iszthe questioq.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngspandkafrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armw ugainstmk sea ofutroubleb and by odpssin. end them.stowdne to sleep. no more. andhby p sleep to say wm end.qthe hexztacre and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2654 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bk that iscthe questioq.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvanddakrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armi ugainstmk sea ofutrouble. and by ovpssin. end them.ktowdne to sleep. no more. andhby c sleep to say ww end.qthe hexktacbe and the thous sd naturql shockn.
gen: 2655 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that iskthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcalrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armw ugainstml sea ofutroubleb and by o pssin. end them.ktoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby t sleep to say wp end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2656 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bu that iswthe questioq.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvanddabrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  army ugainstmk sea ofutroublen and by ofpssin. end them.ytowdne to sleep. no more. andhby a sleep to say wq end.qthe hexptacbe and the thous sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2657 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that istthe questioq.wwhether tis dogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsiandkazrows of outragewud ftptune. or to taq  armq ugainstml sea ofutroubleb and by ohpssin. end them. towdne to sleep. no more. andhby g sleep to say wm end.qthe hexmtacbe and the thous sd natur l shockn.
gen: 2658 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bh that isxthe questioq.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandkahrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  arm  ugainstmk sea ofutroublek and by ovpssin. end them.stowdne to sleep. no more. andhby i sleep to say ws end.qthe hexltacre and the thous sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2659 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bh that isythe questioq.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngskandkasrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armw ugainstmk sea ofutroublev and by odpssin. end them.ztowdne to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to say wz end.qthe hexdtacre and the thous sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2660 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bu that isvthe questioq.wwhether tis dogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsrandka rows of outragewud ftptune. or to taq  armg ugainstml sea ofutroublee and by ojpssin. end them.stowdne to sleep. no more. andhby v sleep to say wp end.qthe hexbtacbe and the thous sd natural shockn.
gen: 2661 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to by that isnthe questioq.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngs.anddajrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armx ugainstmk sea ofutroublea and by ovpssin. end them.ttowdne to sleep. no more. andhby w sleep to say wy end.qthe hexqtacbe and the thout sd naturf. shockn.
gen: 2662 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bx that isbthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcahrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armm ugainstml sea ofutroubleq and by ohpssin. end them.gtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby x sleep to say wu end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2663 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b  that isjthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcakrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armw ugainstml sea ofutroubleg and by oupssin. end them. toxdne to sleep. no more. andhby a sleep to say wi end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2664 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that is the questioq.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinyetb sdffej. ohe slcngsdanddavrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armm ugainstmk sea ofutroublel and by otpssin. end them.ntowdme to sleep. no more. andhby j sleep to say wi end.qthe hewntacbe and the tgous sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2665 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bz that istthe questioq.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandkahrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armr ugainstmk sea ofutroubleo and by ogpssin. end them.atowdne to sleep. no more. andhby v sleep to say wh end.qthe hexvtacre and the thous sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2666 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to br that ispthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcacrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armj ugainstml sea ofutroublez and by ocpssin. end them.utoxdne to sleep. no more. aadhby v sleep to say wl end.qthe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2667 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isbthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaarows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armg ugainstml sea ofutroubler and by oipssin. end them.itoxdne to sleep. no more. axdhby c sleep to say wc end.qthe hewutacbe and the thous sd naturul shockn.
gen: 2668 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bv that isxthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinyetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcacrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armo ugainstml sea ofutroubleq and by.oupssin. end them.stoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby b sleep to say wp end.qthe hexgtacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2669 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bx that isvthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaprows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armu ugainstml sea ofutroubles and by odpssin. end them.ztoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wp end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2670 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bm that isathe questioq.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvanddahrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  arml ugainstmk sea ofutroubled and by okpssin. end them.htowdne to sleep. no more. andhby u sleep to say wf end.qthe hexetacbe and the thous sd natur.l shockm.
gen: 2671 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isothe questioq.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvanddaxrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armu ugainstmk sea ofutroublef and by ofpssin. end them.htowdne to sleep. no more. andhby w sleep to say wj end.qthe hexztacbe and the thous sd naturyl shockm.
gen: 2672 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bp that iskthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe spdngsvandkahrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armd ugainstml sea ofutrouble. and by ospssin. end them.htoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby z sleep to say wj end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturql shockn.
gen: 2673 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bq that isothe questioq.wwhether tis dogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngszandkaarows of outragewud ftptune. or to taq  armz ugainstml sea ofutroublem and by orpssin. end them.dtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby o sleep to say wf end.qthe hexqtacbe and the thous sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2674 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that is the questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandkamrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armc ugainstml sea ofutroublep and by oxpssin. end them.ctoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby e sleep to say ww end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2675 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that iszthe questioq.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandcalrous of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armk ugainstml sea ofutroublek and by otpssin. end them.ktowdne to sleep. no more. andhby c sleep to say wf end.qthe hexdtacbe and the thous sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2676 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isvthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcalrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armw ugainstml sea ofutroubleq and by oqpssin. end them.htoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby c sleep to say wa end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2677 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bq that ishthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaerows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armu ugainstml sea ofutroublea and by ofpssin. end them.ttoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby p sleep to say ws end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2678 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bl that isdthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb  dffej. ohe skdngsvandkakrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armt ugainstml sea ofutroublel and by oxpssin. end them.jtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby o sleep to say wj end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2679 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isnthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandca rows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armk ugainstml sea ofutroublel and by ogpssin. end them.btoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby . sleep to say wo end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2680 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bq that isxthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandkafrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armh ugainstml sea ofutroublev and by ohpssin. end them..toxdne to sleep. no more. andhby w sleep to say wz end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2681 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bz that isethe questior.wwhether tis dogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcamrows of outragewud ftptune. or to taq  arms ugainstml sea ofutroublei and by okpssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby e sleep to say ws end.qthe hexptacbe and the thous sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2682 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that islthe questior.wwhether tis dogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcacrows of outragewud ftptune. or to taq  armc ugainstml sea ofutrouble. and by ofpssin. end them.gtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say we end.qthe hexttacbe and the thous sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2683 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isvthe questior.wwhether tis dogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcanrows of outragewud ftptune. or to taq  armn ugainstml sea ofutroublew and by ocpssin. end them.btoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby l sleep to say ww end.qthe hexytacbe and the thous sd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2684 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bv that isethe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcawrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armw ugainstml sea ofutrouble. and by olpssin. end them.btoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby w sleep to say wk end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturql shockn.
gen: 2685 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to be that isdthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaprows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armh ugainstml sea ofutroublef and by ocpssin. end them.otoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby m sleep to say wj end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2686 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to ba that ismthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandkahrows of outragewud ftltune. or to taq  army ugainstml sea ofutroublel and by ompssin. end them.itowdne to sleep. no more. andhby i sleep to say wl end.qthe hexftacbe and the thous sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2687 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bn that isbthe questior.wwhether tis dogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcayrows of outragewud ftptune. or to taq  armw ugainstml sea ofutroublem and by oppssin. end them.itoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby w sleep to say wi end.qthe hexjtacbe and the thous sd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2688 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bh that isuthe questior.wwhether tis dogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcakrows of outragewud ftptune. or to taq  armb ugainstml sea ofutroublec and by orpssin. end them.ctoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say wh end.qthe hex.tacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2689 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bq that isythe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandca rows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  army ugainstml sea ofutroublex and by oqpssin. end them.ktoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby o sleep to say w  end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2690 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bg that iscthe questior.wwhether tis dogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaerows of outragewud ftptune. or to taq  armq ugainstml sea ofutroubleb and by oxpssin. end them.stoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby w sleep to say wd end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2691 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isqthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandkabrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armi ugainstml sea ofutroubleg and by ogpssin. end them.wtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby x sleep to say wi end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2692 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bx that isxthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandkatrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armd ugainstml sea ofutroubleh and by onpssin. end them. toxdne to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to say ws end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2693 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bn that istthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaprows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  arms ugainstml sea ofutroubler and by ospssin. end them.utoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby z sleep to say wk end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2694 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bm that isuthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandkahrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armg ugainstml sea ofutroublel and by oppssin. end them.ttoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby c sleep to say wd end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2695 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bt that isothe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcajrows of outragewud ftptune. or to taq  armp ugainstml sea ofutroublej and by orpssin. end them.ltoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say we end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2696 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bo that isjthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcadrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  arma ugainstml sea ofutroublex and by okpssin. end them.xtowdne to sleep. no more. andhby o sleep to say we end.qthe hexctacbe and the thous sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2697 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bz that iscthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcanrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  arma ugainstml sea ofutroublek and by ofpssin. end them.rtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby i sleep to say wg end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2698 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isnthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandca rows of outragewud fsptune. or to taq  armo ugainstml sea ofutroublef and by ompssin. end them.mtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby l sleep to say wl end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2699 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bf that isothe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaorows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armn ugainstml sea ofutroubleq and by oipssin. end them.qtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby m sleep to say wh end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2700 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to ba that isithe questior.wwhether tis coeler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandca rows of outragewud fsptune. or to taq. armu ugainstml sea ofutroublen and by owpssin. end them.ttoxdpe to sleep. np more. andhby p sleep to say wb end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2701 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isrthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandkakrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armo ugainstml sea ofutroubleq and by okpssin. end them.ytoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby u sleep to say wh end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2702 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bv that istthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandkayrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  arme ugainstml sea ofutroublel and by ozpssin. end them.stoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby e sleep to say wh end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2703 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to ba that issthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaerows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armc ugainstml sea ofutroubleg and by ocpssin. end them.ftoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby o sleep to say w. end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2704 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bo that ispthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandkairows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armi ugainstml sea ofptroubleu and by ouptsin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby q sleep to say wz end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2705 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bp that iszthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaurows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublej and by oepssin. end them.rtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby z sleep to say wc end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturul shockn.
gen: 2706 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to by that isbthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandkaqrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armc ugainstml sea ofutroublek and by ogpssin. end them.jtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wu end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd natural shockn.
gen: 2707 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to br that isgthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandkacrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armb ugainstml sea ofrtroubles and by o.ptsin. end them.xtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby x sleep to say wi end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2708 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bv that isgthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandkatrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armz ugainstml sea ofutroubleg and by onpssin. end them.htoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby q sleep to say wk end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2709 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bo that isdthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandkaorows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armd ugainstml sea ofstroublee and by orptsin. end them.gtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby z sleep to say wk end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2710 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bc that isfthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcagrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  army ugainstml sea ofutroubler and by onpssin. end them.jtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say wc end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2711 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bh that islthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcacrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armt ugainstml sea ofutroublen and by oqpssin. end them.btoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby h sleep to say wu end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2712 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b. that isrthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcawrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armj ugainstml sea ofutroubled and by oopssin. end them.ztoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby p sleep to say wg end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2713 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bu that isothe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietbhsdffej. ohe slcngsvandcahrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  arm  ugainstml sea ofutroublef and by obpssin. end them..toxdne to sleep. no more. andhby d sleeo to say wj end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2714 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b  that isvthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandkalrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armp ugainstml sea ofutroublek and by ofpssin. end them.htoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wg end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2715 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that isqthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandca rows of outragewud fsptune. or to taq  armx ugainstml sea ofutroublei and by owpssin. end them.ktoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby q sleep to say wv end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturul shockn.
gen: 2716 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to ba that iswthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaerows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armw ugainstml sea ofutroublef and by oupssin. end them.ptoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby d sleep to say wd end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2717 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isothe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandca rows of outragewud fsptune. or to taq  armd ugainstml sea ofutroublei and by oppssin. end them.mtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby a sleep to say wt end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2718 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bg that isbthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandkaqrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armz ugainstml sea ofutroubleb and by orpssin. end them.xtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby   sleep to say wo end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2719 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bd that isxthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaprows of outragewud fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublee and by obpssin. end them.jtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say wl end.qthe hexutacbe and the thousssd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2720 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bl that isuthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandkamrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  aqmw ugainstml sea ofutroubleq and by orpssin. end them.dtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby o sleep to say wc end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd natur l shockn.
gen: 2721 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bp that is.the questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandcaarows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armt ugainstml sea ofutroubley and by oqpssin. end them.itoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to saz wa end.rthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2722 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that iszthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcanrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armb ugainstml sea ofutroublev and by o pssin. end them.ctoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby w sleep to say we end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2723 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bv that is.tha questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandkarrows of outragewul fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleq and by oxpssin. end them.xtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby z sleep to say wd end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2724 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that isxthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcanrows of outragewud fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublem and by oupssin. end them..toxdne to sleep. no more. andhby b sleep to say wy end.qthe hexutacbe and the thousssd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2725 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bo that isathe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcatrows of outragewud fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutrouble  and by oypssin. end them..toxdne to sleep. no more. andhby t sleep to say wu end.qthe hexutacbe and the thousssd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2726 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to be that isvthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaorows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armc ugainstml sea ofutroubleh and by o pssin. end them.ftoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby . sleep to say wi end.qthe hetutacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2727 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isbthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaxrows of outragewul ftptune. or to tar  armg hgainstml sea ofutrouble. and by ocpssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby l sleep to say ww end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2728 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bq that isothe questior.wwhethar tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandkaxrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  army ugainstml sea ofutroubles and by ojpssin. end them.ltoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby m sleep to say wp end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2729 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bh that is.the questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandkafrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armo ugainstml sea ofutroubles and by obpssin. end them.atoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to say wg end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2730 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bi that ishthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaorows of outragewud fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleq and by olpssin. end them.ntoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to say wx end.qthe hexutacbe and the thousssd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2731 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bc that isuthe questior.wwhether tis coxler if tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaqrows of outragewud ftptune. or to taq  armd ugainstml sea ofutroubleq and by oopssin. end them.itoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say wu end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2732 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bd that isithe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaurows of outragewud fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubley and by ozpssin. end them. toxdne to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say wj end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous td naturwl shockn.
gen: 2733 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that isjthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinmetb sdffej. ohe sldngsvandcabrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofetroubleq and by oypssin. end them.ltoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby w sleep to say w  end.qthe hetutacbe and the thous sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2734 fit: -43 chromo: to be or fot to be that ismthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcanrows of outragewud fsptune. or to tar  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublex and by o.pssin. end them.ltoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby c sleep to say w. end.qthe hexutacbe and the thousssd naturel shockn.
gen: 2735 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bm that isuthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaerows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleu and by okpssin. end them.wtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby q sleep to say wk end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2736 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bu that iscthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinjeta sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaurows of outragewud fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublee and by ompssin. end them.dtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby p sleep to say wu end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous td naturfl shockn.
gen: 2737 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bv that isqthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaxrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armr ugainstml sea ofutroubles and by ospssin. end them.xtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say wu end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2738 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bo that iscthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinmetb wdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaxrows of outragewul fsptune. or to tar  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubler and by oxpssin. end them.xtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to say wy end.qthe hexutacbe and the thousssd naturil shockn.
gen: 2739 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to by that iscthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinjeta sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcalrows of outragewud fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublej and by oqpssin. end them.xtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby o sleep to say wj end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous td naturjl shockn.
gen: 2740 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bk that is the questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcafrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  army ugainstml sea ofutroublew and by oepssin. end them.jtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby i sleep to say wp end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2741 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bk that is.the questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaarows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  arms ugainstml sea ofutroublez and by ojpssin. end them.jtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say wu end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2742 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isnthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcasrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubles and by onpssin. end them..toxdne to sleep. no more. andhby o sleep to say wo end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2743 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bl that isdthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcairows of outragewul fsptune. or to tar  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublem and by oqpssin. end them.ctotdne to sleep. no more. andhby x sleep to say wa end.qthe hexutacbe and the thousssd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2744 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bz that isjthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcazrows of outragewud fsptune. or to tar  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleh and by ogpssin. end them..toxdne to sleep. no more. andhby j sleep to say wt end.qthe hexutacbe and the thousssd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2745 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isxthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcanrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublet and by olpssin. end them.ftoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby r sleep to say wb end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd natural shockn.
gen: 2746 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to br that isjthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcairows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleu and by owpssin. end them.rtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wv end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2747 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to br that ispthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcabrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleb and by oepssin. end them.qtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to say ww end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2748 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to br that isrthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcagrows of outragewul fsptune. or to tar  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubley and by ohpssin. end them.wtotdne to sleep. no more. andhby j sleep to say we end.qthe hexutacbe and the thousssd naturml shockn.
gen: 2749 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to by that isgthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcalrows of outragewul fsptune. or to tar  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublez and by ozpssin. end them.ztotdne to sleep. no more. andhby a sleep to say wm end.qthe hexutacbe and the thousssd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2750 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bv that isgthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinieta sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcawrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armu ugainstml sea ofutroublek and by oppssin. end them. toxdne to sleep. no more. andhby l sleep to say we end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2751 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bd that istthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcayrows of outragewul fsptune. or to tar  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublek and by o pssin. end them.itotdne to sleep. no more. andhby w sleep to say wj end.qthe hexutacbe and the thousssd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2752 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bp that isjthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandca rows of outragewud fsptune. or to tar  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublek and by owpssin. end them..toxdne to sleep. no more. andhby a sleep to say wd end.qthe hexutacbe and the thousssd naturml shockn.
gen: 2753 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to by that isuthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinieta sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcatrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armd ugainstml sea ofutroublee and by ompssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby u sleep to say wd end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2754 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bt that ishthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinieta sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcafrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armf ugainstml sea ofutroublew and by obpssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby a sleep to say wu end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturil shockn.
gen: 2755 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bk that is the questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcagrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  arm  ugainstml sea ofutroubley and by onpssin. end them.etoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby . sleep to say w. end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2756 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bp that ispthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcayrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armn ugainstml sea ofutroubler and by ogpssin. end them.otoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby c sleep to say wt end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2757 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b  that istthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaprows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armh ugainstml sea ofutroublep and by oipssin. end them.ytoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say ws end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2758 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that isuthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaprows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armg ugainstml sea ofutroublej and by oupssin. end them.itoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby d sleep to say wf end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2759 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bt that isjthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcagrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleg and by oepssin. end them.ntoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby r sleep to say wz end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2760 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that isathe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcakrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublez and by ofpssin. end them.utoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby v sleep to say w  end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturql shockn.
gen: 2761 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bu that isrthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcalrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleo and by obpssin. end them.jtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby p sleep to say ww end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd natursl shockn.
gen: 2762 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bv that isuthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinjeta sdffej. ohe slcngswandcabrows of outragewul fsptune. or so taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublem and by otpssin. end them.ptoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wb end.qthe hexutacbe and the thousssd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2763 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b. that isothe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcanrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublef and by onpssin. end them.ytoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to say wv end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2764 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b  that ispthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcatrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleb and by owpssin. end them.ttoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby w sleep to say wp end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2765 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b. that isvthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaqrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubled and by ohpssin. end them.qtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wp end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2766 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that is the questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinifta sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcadrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armu ugainstml sea ofetroubleb and by ojpssin. end them.vtoxdme to sleep. no more. andhby x sleep to say wv end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2767 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to be that isqthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinieta sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcafrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  arma ugainstml sea ofetroublec and by o pssin. end them.vtoxdme to sleep. no more. andhby . sleep to say wn end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2768 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bk that isvthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaxrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublem and by o pssin. end them.itoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby j sleep to say wh end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2769 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to by that isuthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcagrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublea and by oupssin. end them.utoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby q sleep to say wd end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2770 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bp that isuthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcawrows of outragewul ftltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublea and by olpssin. endsthem.ktoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wt end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2771 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bk that issthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaerows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublex and by ocpssin. end them.ctoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby j sleep to say w  end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2772 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bo that isjthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcabrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublep and by ozpssin. end them.itoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby z sleep to say wx end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2773 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b. that isithe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinifta sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcazrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armj ugainstml sea ofetroublef and by ompssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wv end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2774 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that iscthe questior.swhether tis cogler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandaazrows of outragewul fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleo and by onpssin. end them.mtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby z sleep to say wr end.qthe hexutacbe and the thousssd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2775 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that isxthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinifta sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcaorows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armt ugainstml sea ofetrouble  and by orpssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby d sleep to say wu end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2776 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bf that issthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcabrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleb and by o.pssin. end them.rtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby j sleep to say wn end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2777 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bg that is.the questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcakrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutrouble  and by ozpssin. end them.utoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby e sleep to say wc end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2778 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bp that is the questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinieta sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcanrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armq ugainstml sea ofetrouble  and by obpssin. end them.vtoxdme to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say wy end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2779 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to ba that istthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcafrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublew and by ogpssin. end them.itoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby c sleep to say wa end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2780 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bi that isrthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcairows of outragewul fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutrouble. and by onpssin. end them.dtotdne to sleep. no more. andhby t sleep to say wx end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2781 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bz that isathe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcacrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tars armv ugainstml sea ofutroublel and by ompssin. end them.ptosdne to sleep. no more. andhby d sleep to say wf end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2782 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that isithe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaorows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublej and by ohpssin. end them.utoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby p sleep to say wg end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2783 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bi that isvthe questiot.xwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcaerows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleb and by ompssin. end them.itotdne to sleep. no more. andhby z sleep to say wa end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2784 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not tg bu that isvthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinieta sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcamrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armo ugainstml sea ofetroubleh and by ohpssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wh end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd natural shockn.
gen: 2785 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that iscthe questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcairows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublec and by o pssin. end them.qtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby v sleep to say wc end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2786 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bd that islthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinieta sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcaerows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armg ugainstml sea ofetrouble  and by obpssin. end them.vtoxdme to sleep. no more. andhby h sleep to say wu end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd natural shockn.
gen: 2787 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that isqthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinieta sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcavrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armt ugainstml sea ofetroubley and by ozpssin. end them.vtoxdme to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say wl end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2788 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that isfthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaerows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubled and by o.pssin. end them.wtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby o sleep to say wm end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2789 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bu that isethe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinieta sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcalrows of outragewul ftptune. or to taq  armg ugainstml sea ofetroubleu and by ompssin. end them.vtoxdme to sleep. no more. andhby c sleep to say wj end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2790 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bk that iscthe questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcabrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublen and by o pssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby l sleep to say wd end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2791 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bg that isethe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcatrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tar  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublel and by oypssin. end them.stoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby z sleep to say ww end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2792 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bm that istthe questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaerows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutrouble  and by oipssin. end them.ltoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby d sleep to say wr end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturil shockn.
gen: 2793 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bt that iscthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinjgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandca rows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleh and by ofpssin. end them.itoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wg end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2794 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isvthe questiot.xwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcajrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublea and by owpssin. end them.ototdne to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wi end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2795 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bo that isdthe questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcazrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleq and by oupssin. end them.atoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby . sleep to say wj end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd natural shockn.
gen: 2796 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bg that isvthe questiot.xwhether tis cogler in tle kinietb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcanrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleq and by onpssin. end them.etotdne to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say wq end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2797 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bk that iswthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaorows of outragewul fsltune. or to tar  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleb and by onpssin. end them.rtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say we end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturil shockn.
gen: 2798 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bu that isethe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinjhtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaerows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublet and by ojpssin. end them.atoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby r sleep to say wa end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thousysd natursl shockn.
gen: 2799 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bp that iszthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinjhtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaprows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubler and by o pssin. end them.ntoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby h sleep to say wc end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thousysd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2800 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to by that ispthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcavrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubled and by ompssin. end them..toxdne to sleep. no more. andhby c sleep to say wm end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd natursl shockn.
gen: 2801 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bc that isfthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinjhtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcabrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubler and by oopssin. end them.stoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to say ww end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thousysd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2802 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to by that isfthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcasrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tar  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublef and by ospssin. end them.stoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby v sleep to say wi end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2803 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bc that isethe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaarows of outragewul fsltune. or to tar  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleh and by ojpssin. end them.ztoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby w sleep to say wz end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2804 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bc that isxthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcatrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublem and by ohpssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby a sleep to say wh end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2805 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bn that isxthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinjetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaqrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tar  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleg and by ocpssin. end them.jtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say we end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2806 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bi that isothe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcawrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublem and by oqpssin. end them.ctoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby u sleep to say wn end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2807 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to ba that isqthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcaorows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublex and by o pssin. end them.ytoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby . sleep to say wo end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2808 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bg that isethe questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcafrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublem and by ohpssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby q sleep to say wx end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2809 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bg that isqthe questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcahrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleu and by olpssin. end them.otoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby e sleep to say wh end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2810 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bx that isgthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinmgtb sdffej. phe slcngsuandcarrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleg and by o.pssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andfby m sleep to say w. end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sdpnatur l shockn.
gen: 2811 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bx that issthe questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcayrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutrouble  and by otpssin. end them.ftoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby v sleep to say wr end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2812 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bz that isqthe questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcadrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublea and by oopssin. end them..toxdne to sleep. no more. andhby c sleep to say wj end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2813 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bh that isxthe questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcawrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutrouble. and by oipssin. end them.xtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wi end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2814 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isethe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcarrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubles and by ozpssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say we end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous.sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2815 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bq that iswthe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tke kinmeta sdffuj. ohe slcngsvandcanrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tar  armr ugainstok sea ofutroublel and by olpssin. end them.dtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby h sleep to say wy end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2816 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that isnthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinigtb sdffej. phe slcngsuandcaqrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublew and by.ocpssin. end them.dtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby . sleep to say wl end.qthe hexutacbe anh the thous sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2817 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bp that isgthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandca rows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleb and by oapssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby c sleep to say wu end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2818 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to ba that istthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcajrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleu and by oupssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby e sleep to say wb end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd natursl shockn.
gen: 2819 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bo that isithe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcacrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleu and by oypssin. end them.ztoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby z sleep to say wv end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2820 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bg that isnthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandca rows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublex and by okpssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby q sleep to say wd end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2821 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that is the questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcanrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublef and by ofpssin. end them.ctoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby v sleep to say w. end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2822 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bc that istthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcacrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublea and by ozpssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby q sleep to say wi end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous.sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2823 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b  that iskthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcagrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutrouble. and by oqpssin. end them.xtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby l sleep to say w  end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd natural shockn.
gen: 2824 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bx that istthe questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcamrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutrouble. and by oppssin. end them.utoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby u sleep to say wl end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2825 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bv that isuthe questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcairows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublea and by obpssin. end them..toxdne to sleep. no more. andhby b sleep to say ws end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2826 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bo that isuthe questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcahrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublex and by otpssin. end them.btoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby b sleep to say wi end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2827 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bt that ismthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcairows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublee and by ospssin. end them.ftoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby p sleep to say w. end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2828 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bf that issthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tke linmetb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcairows of outragewul fsltune. or to tar  armr ugainstol sea ofutroublek and by ompssin. end them.xtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby l sleep to say wk end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd natural shockn.
gen: 2829 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b. that isxthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandca rows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublem and by olpssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby j sleep to say wh end.qthe hexetacbe and the thous qd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2830 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bp that iswthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaarows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleb and by olpssin. end them. toxdne to sleep. no more. andhby i sleep to say wm end.qthe hexetacbe and the thous qd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2831 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that isbthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcaprows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublep and by orpssin. end them.ftoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby   sleep to say wh end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2832 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to be that isethe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaprows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleu and by ogpssin. end them.ktoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby z sleep to say wz end.qthe hexetacbe and the thous qd naturll shockn.
gen: 2833 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bz that isethe questior.wwhether tis cohler in tle kinigtb sdffej. whe slcngsuandcaqrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleo and by orpssin. end them.ltoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby l sleep to say wb end.qthe heyutacbe and the thous sd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2834 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that ispthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcatrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubler and by ohpssin. end them.ntoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby o sleep to say wo end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd natur l shockn.
gen: 2835 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bk that is the questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcaqrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublet and by owpssin. end them.jtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to say wc end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturul shockn.
gen: 2836 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bv that isgthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuanbcalrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublec and by ohpssin. end them.btoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby h sleep to say wc end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2837 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bl that isvthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcacrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubler and by ocpssin. end them.stoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby p sleep to say wh end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2838 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that istthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcaprows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleg and by olpssin. end them.etoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wm end.qthe.hexutacbe and the thous sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2839 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bc that isbthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcacrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutrouble. and by oipssin. end them.jtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby e sleep to say wt end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2840 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isdthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcatrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublep and by oxpssin. end them.ytoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby r sleep to say wh end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2841 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bg that is the questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcayrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublex and by ojpssin. end them.ftoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby q sleep to say wk end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2842 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bx that isrthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaarows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutrouble. and by oipssin. end them.ntoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby e sleep to say ww end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2843 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bl that isithe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcarrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublet and by oqpssin. end them.atoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby u sleep to say w  end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2844 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b  that iscthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaxrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublev and by oppssin. end them.atoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby l sleep to say wq end.qthe hexetacbe and the thous qd naturil shockn.
gen: 2845 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bv that ismthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandca.rows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutrouble  and by orpssin. end them.ctoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby q sleep to say wk end.qthe hexetacbe and the thous qd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2846 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bd that issthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcayrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublez and by odpssin. end them.ptoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby x sleep to say w  end.qthe hexetacbe and the thous qd naturil shockn.
gen: 2847 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isvthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcaarows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubleb and by ospssin. end them.qtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say we end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2848 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bp that istthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcacrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublez and by oepssin. end them.ptoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wa end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2849 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isvthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaprows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubles and by onpssin. end them.ltoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby l sleep to say ww end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2850 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to by that islthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcadrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubleh and by ohpssin. end them.btoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby t sleep to say wu end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2851 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bk that is the questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcagrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubleg and by onpssin. end them.dtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby p sleep to say wn end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2852 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that isgthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaurows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubleu and by ospssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say wr end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2853 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bz that isjthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcabrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublew and by oupssin. end them.wtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say wd end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturql shockn.
gen: 2854 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bk that ismthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcaprows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubled and by ohpssin. end them.xtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say wd end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2855 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bx that ismthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcabrows of outragegul fsltune. or to taq  armx ugainstol sea ofutroublem and by o pssin. end them.ftoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby g sleep to say wk end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous.sd naturql shockn.
gen: 2856 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bd that issthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcavrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubley and by ovpssin. end them.otoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby e sleep to say wf end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturyl shockn
gen: 2857 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that isbthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaqrows of outragegul fsltune. or to taq  armx ugainstol sea ofutroublem and by oepssin. end them.qtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby j sleep to say wb end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous.sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2858 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bn that istthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaurows of outragegul fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublec and by o.pssin. end them.gtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby r sleep to say wq end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2859 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to be that isgthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcaurows of outragegul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublet and by o pssin. end them.itoxdve to sleep. no more. andhby c sleep to say wo end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous.sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2860 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bz that isuthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcagrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubleq and by onpssin. end them.qtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby h sleep to say wo end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2861 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isnthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcayrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubleq and by ogpssin. end them.wtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby v sleep to say wf end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2862 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that iswthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcagrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublem and by oypssin. end them.ptoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby . sleep to say wn end.qthe hexetacbe and the thous qd naturul shockn.
gen: 2863 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that ispthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcawrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubley and by oypssin. end them.vtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby i sleep to say wy end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2864 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bp that ishthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcadrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublet and by ojpssin. end them.ztoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby v sleek to say wm end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2865 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to br that issthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcakrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublei and by obpssin. end them.htoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby z sleep to say wd end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2866 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isdthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandca.rows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubled and by otpssin. end them.stoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby   sleep to say wl end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2867 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bo that isqthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcanrows of outragegul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleb and by orpssin. end them.gtoxdwe to sleep. no more. andhby q sleep to say wm end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous.sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2868 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bz that isxthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcaprows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublem and by onpssin. end them.utoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wi end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous.sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2869 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that isethe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcakrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubles and by onpssin. end them.dtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby p sleep to say ws end.qthe hexetacbe and the thous qd natur l shockn.
gen: 2870 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bc that iscthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb scffej. ohe slcngsuandcaxrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutrouble. and by okpssin. end them.htoxdhe to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say wi end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2871 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to br that ishthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb scffej. ohe slcngsuandcaarows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubleo and by otpssin. end them.atoxdwe to sleep. no more. andhby d sleep to say wp end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturul shockn.
gen: 2872 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that isythe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcavrows of outragegul fsltune. or to taq  armx ugainstol sea ofutroubleg and by ojpssin. end them.stoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby x sleep to say we end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous.sd natur l shockn.
gen: 2873 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isbthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtd sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcacrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleq and by onpssin. end them.ztoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby t sleep to say wo end.qthe hexetacbe and the thous qd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2874 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to by that istthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaxrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleh and by oipssin. end them.ktoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby m sleep to say w. end.qthe hexetacbe and the thous qd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2875 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bc that isuthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaurows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublea and by ospssin. end them.rtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby q sleep to say wp end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 2876 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bi that isuthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcanrows of outragegul fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleg and by otpssin. end them.ntoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby c sleep to say wp end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2877 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bf that isuthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaerows of outragegul fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublei and by ogpssin. end them.utoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to say wu end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2878 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bm that isfthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcamrows of outragegul fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublem and by oapssin. end them.htoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby q sleep to say wf end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturil shockn.
gen: 2879 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to by that isvthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcabrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublez and by oypssin. end them.utoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby d sleep to say wr end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2880 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bz that iszthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaprows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublea and by ospssin. end them.mtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby a sleep to say wn end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2881 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bo that iswthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linygtb scffej. ohe slcngsuandcagrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublez and by oxpssin. end them.ytoxdce to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say wr end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2882 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isithe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcavrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublew and by o pssin. end them.btoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wf end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2883 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bo that ismthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcabrows of outragegul fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubleb and by oypssin. end them.ttoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby g sleep to say wv end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2884 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isfthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcabrows of outragegul fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublex and by oopssin. end them.etoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby x sleep to say wb end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2885 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bg that iskthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb scffej. ohe slcngsvandcawrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublel and by oppssin. end them.jtoxdve to sleep. no more. andhby l sleep to say wa end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2886 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that islthe questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle linygtb sdffeb. ohe slangsuandcaxrows of outragegu. fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublek and by obpssinz end them.ltoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to say wv end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2887 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that iskthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcaprows of outragegul fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubler and by oipssin. end them.ttoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby z sleep to say wz end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2888 fit: -43 chromo: to be or.not to bz that isfthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcaxrows of outragegul fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroubley and by o.pssin. end them. toxdne to sleep. no more. andhby t sleep to say wn end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2889 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to ba that isrthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffeb. ohe slangsuandcabrows of outragegu. fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubles and by obpssinz end them.qtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say wx end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous  d naturvl shockn.
gen: 2890 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that isnthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffeb. ohe slcngsvandcahrows of outragewu. fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstml sea ofutroublep and by ompssin. end them.qtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby b sleep to say wg end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd natursl shockn.
gen: 2891 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bx that ismthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaqrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubley and by onpssin. end them.jtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say wn end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2892 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bm that isjthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffeb. ohe slangsuandcavrows of outragegu. fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubler and by ompssinz end them.ltoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby a sleep to say wi end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous  d naturrl shockn.
gen: 2893 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that isjthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffeb. ohe slangsuandcaurows of outragegu. fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubled and by odpssinz end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby . sleep to say ws end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous  d naturvl shockn.
gen: 2894 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isjthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcayrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublem and by ojpssin. end them.utoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby a sleep to say wc end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd natur l shockn.
gen: 2895 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bn that isothe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcakrows of outragegul fsltune. or to taq  armx ugainstol sea ofutroubleq and by oqpssin. end them..toxdne to sleep. no more. andhby b sleep to say w. end.qthe hexutacbe and the thous.sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2896 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bg that jszthe questior.xwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcabrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubleg and by odpssin. end them.ktoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby p sleep to say wg end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturxl shockn.
gen: 2897 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bv that iskthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcarrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubleu and by otpssin. end them.otoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby c sleep to say wo end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2898 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that isbthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaxrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublek and by ovpssin. end them.ztoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby g sleep to say wt end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2899 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bm that ispthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcayrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubleb and by orpssin. end them.ftoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby x sleep to say wv end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2900 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bf that is.the questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcarrows of outragegul fsltune. or to taq  armx ugainstol sea ofutroublew and by ompssin. end them.ktoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby a sleep to say w  end.qthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2901 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to by that isnthe questior.wwhethfr tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffez. ohe slcngsvandcazrows of outragegu. fsltune. or to taq  armx ugainstol sea ofutroubler and by okpssin. end them.mtotdne to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say wh end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2902 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bl that islthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcafrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubleb and by oupssin. end them.btoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say wr end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2903 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bt that is the questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcazrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublea and by otpssin. end them.rtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say wy end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd natur l shockn.
gen: 2904 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b  that isgthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffeb. ohe slcngsvandcaxrows of outragewu. fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubleo and by oepssin. end them.otoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby   sleep to say wk end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2905 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that isuthe questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaorows of outragegu. fsltune. or to taq  armx ugainstol sea ofutroublet and by oupssin. end them.ntoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say ws end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2906 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bc that ishthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcarrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublev and by orpssin. end them.dtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby a sleep to say wo end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2907 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bv that ishthe questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinmgtb sdffeb. ohe slcngsvandca rows of outragegul fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubled and by ovpssin. end them.ktoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby x sleep to say w. end.qthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2908 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isxthe questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsuandcabrows of outragegul fsltune. or to taq  armx ugainstol sea ofutroublex and by ojpssin. end them.rtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby h sleep to say wo end.qthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2909 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bf that isjthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffeb. ohe slcngsvandcaorows of outragewu. fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublex and by ojpssin. end them.mtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby o sleep to say wf end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2910 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bd that isuthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffeb. ohe slcngsvandcabrows of outragewu. fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublez and by ozpssin. end them.itoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby i sleep to say wg end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2911 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bp that istthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffeb. ohe slcngsvandcafrows of outragewu. fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubleo and by ohpssin. end them. toxdne to sleep. no more. andhby a sleep to say wh end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2912 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bx that isythe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffeb. ohe slcngsvandcamrows of outragewu. fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublee and by oepssin. end them.ltoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby x sleep to say wo end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2913 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that is the questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcalrows of outragegu. fsltune. or to taq  armx ugainstol sea ofutroublef and by oxpssin. end them.ntoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby x sleep to say wb end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturil shockn.
gen: 2914 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bu that isqthe questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcafrows of outragegu. fsltune. or to taq  armx ugainstol sea ofutroublen and by ocpssin. end them.ytoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby g sleep to say wi end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2915 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bq that isythe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaurows of outragewul fsktune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutrouble. and by ozpssin. end them.otoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby j sleep to say ww end.rthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2916 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to ba that isathe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcaqrows of outragegu. fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstml sea ofutroublem and by odpssin. end them.gtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby b sleep to say w  end.qthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2917 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bp that isjthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcawrows of outragegu. fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstml sea ofutroublem and by o pssin. end them.ptoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say w. end.qthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2918 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to by that isuthe questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinmgtb sdffeb. ohe slcngsvandcawrows of outragegul fsptune. oq to taq  armx ugainstol sea ofutroublek and by oopssin. end them.dtoxdje to sleep. no more. endhby s sleep to say we end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2919 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bq that isothe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcahrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubled and by oipssin. end them.ctoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby a sleep to say wd end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2920 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to br that istthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffeb. ohe slcngsrandcaurows of outragegul fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublei and by o pssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wq end.qtge hexwtacfe and the thouslsd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2921 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that issthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcairows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublec and by owpssin. end them.jtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby j sleep to say wv end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2922 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bl that isfthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcawrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutrouble  and by o.pssin. end them.xtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to say wv end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2923 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bf that isathe questiot.wwhether tis cogler in tle kinigtb sdffeb. ohe slcngsrandcairows of outragegul fcptune. or to taq  arov ugainstol sea ofutroubleq and by ovpssin. end them.wtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby g sleel to say wq end.qthe hexxtacbe and the thouslsd natur l shockf.
gen: 2924 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isithe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaxrows of outragewu. fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstml sea ofutroublei and by okpssin. end them.dtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby m sleep to say w. end.qthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2925 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b. that isjthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sbffel. ohe slcngsvandcajrows of outragegu. fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstml sea ofutroublem and by o pssin. end them.ztoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby   sleep to say wf end.qthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2926 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that iskthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sbffel. ohe slcngsvandcaorows of outragegu. fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstml sea ofutroublem and by ojpssin. end them.ztoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby w sleep to say wv end.qthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturql shockn.
gen: 2927 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bg that isethe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaqrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutrouble  and by oupssin. end them.ztoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby d sleep to say w  end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 2928 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bt that isgthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcafrows of outragewu. fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstml sea ofutroublef and by oxpssin. end them..toxdje to sleep. no more. andhby h sleep to say w. end.qthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturwl shockn.
gen: 2929 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bz that isdthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcabrows of outragewu. fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstml sea ofutroublew and by oipssin. end them.itoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby j sleep to say wr end.qthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2930 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b  that isithe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandca rows of outragegul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublem and by ojpssin. end them.ctoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby p sleep to say wp end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2931 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that ismthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsrandcafrows of outragewul fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublea and by oepssin. end them.ftoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wl end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2932 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bq that ishthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcahrows of outragewu. fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstml sea ofutroublej and by ospssin. end them.utoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby b sleep to say wy end.qthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2933 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bc that isnthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsrandcajrows of outragewul fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubleo and by oapssin. end them.ntoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby d sleep to say wm end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2934 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bp that isfthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffeb. ohe slcngsvandcalrows of outragegul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstolysea ofutroublem and by oqpssin. end them.vtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby j sleep to say wv end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd natural shockn.
gen: 2935 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bz that iscthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaorows of outragewu. fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstml sea ofutroublez and by ozpssin. end them.ntoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wg end.qthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturql shockn.
gen: 2936 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bq that isgthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcaxrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublen and by o pssin. end them.qtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby p sleep to say wh end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2937 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isathe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcakrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublec and by oupssin. end them.utoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby c sleep to say ws end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2938 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bc tdat iskthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcalrows of outragegu. fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstml sea ofutroublem and by odpssin. end them.xtoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wc end.qthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2939 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to br that isnthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linmgtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcatrows of outragegul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublem and by oipssin. end them.ktoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wa end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 2940 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bx that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcalrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublem and by ompssin. end them.vtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby   sleep to say wj end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2941 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bg that isythe questiov.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsrandca rows of outragewul fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubles and by otpssin. end them.ktoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby j sleep to say wn end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturql shockn.
gen: 2942 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bg that issthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcalrows of outragewu. fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstml sea ofutroubler and by oypssin. end them.wtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby x sleep to say w  end.qthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 2943 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bf that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcaarows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleo and by ospssin. end them.ptoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby a sleep to say wa end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2944 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bl that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcawrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublez and by oppssin. end them.rtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby p sleep to say wt end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturql shockn.
gen: 2945 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b. that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcasrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublex and by ozpssin. end them.ntoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say wn end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2946 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to ba that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsrandcarrows of outragewul fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublef and by oapssin. end them.ltoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby d sleep to say wb end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd natural shockn.
gen: 2947 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bc that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandca.rows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublep and by ofpssin. end them.jtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wa end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2948 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that islthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle dinmgtf sbffel. ohe slcngsrandcabrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armh ugainstml sea ofutroublep and by ospssin. end them.itoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to say wz end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2949 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that is the questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle dinmgtf sbffel. ohe slcngsrandcasrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armh ugainstml sea ofutroublez and by owpssin. end them.rtoxdju to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wz end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2950 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that istthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcamrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublei and by oppssin. end them.etoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby u sleep to say wc end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2951 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bv that isrthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcalrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublel and by oapssin. end them.ltoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby q sleep to say wb end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2952 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bd that islthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcacrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubler and by oapssin. end them.etoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby b sleep to say ws end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2953 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcaarows of outrageeul fsltune. or to tauk armh ugainstol sea ofutroublev and by ofpssin. end them.qtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby r sleep to say wa end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2954 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that ishthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle dinmgtf sbffel. ohe slcngsrandcagrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armh ugainstml sea ofutroublex and by orpssin. end them.dtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby x sleep to say wz end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd natural shockn.
gen: 2955 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isqthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcaprows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleh and by ozpssin. end them.ztoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wq end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturil shockn.
gen: 2956 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to be that isithe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle dinmgtf sbffel. ohe slcngsrandcaxrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armh ugainstml sea ofutroubles and by oxpssin. end them. toxdje to sleep. no more. andhby v sleep to say wz end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2957 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to br that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcaarows of outragegul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubler and by onpssin. end them.ytoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby x sleep to say wd end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natural shockn.
gen: 2958 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bh that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcajrows of outragegul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublek and by oopssin. end them.wtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby x sleep to say wu end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2959 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bl that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. phe slcngsvandcahrows of outrageeul fsltune. or to tauk armh ugainstol sea ofutroublev and by ogpssin. end them.dtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby h sleep to say xk end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2960 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bg that isfthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcalrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublep and by ocpssin. end them.vtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wy end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2961 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bz that isuthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle dinmgtf sbffel. ohe slcngsrandcasrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armh ugainstml sea ofutroublef and by oppssin. end them.ktoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wz end.qthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2962 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that iswthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaerows of outragewul fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroublee and by ohpssin. end them.ttoxdne to sleep. no more. andhby b sleep to say wf end.vthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2963 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that islthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcawrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublec and by o pssin. end them..toxdje to sleep. no more. andhby b sleep to say wb end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2964 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isuthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcalrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublev and by oppssin. end them.xtoxdje to sleep. no more. andgby z sleep to say wf end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thout.sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2965 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to by that istthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcanrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleu and by oepssin. end them.ftoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say wy end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2966 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to br that isethe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcalrows of outragewul fsptune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubleq and by oqpssin. end them..toxdne to sleep. no more. andhby i sleep to say wg end.vthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2967 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bk that isxthe questior.wwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsrandcakrows of outragegul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublej and by oopssin. end them..toxdje to sleep. no more. andhby b sleep to say wx end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2968 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcagrows of outragegul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublea and by ocpssin. end them.vtoxdje to sleep..no more. andgby b sleep to say wd end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2969 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bo that islthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcahrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublew and by ozpssin. end them.ntoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby g sleep to say wb end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturcl shoccn.
gen: 2970 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bc that is the questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcajrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublek and by otpssin. end them.ltoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby i sleep to say wm end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturml shockn.
gen: 2971 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to by that is the questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcamrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutroubled and by olpssin. end them.ttoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby u sleep to say wu end.vthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2972 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isvthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcaxrows of outragegul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublek and by ohpssin. end them.ytoxdje to wleep. no more. andhby   sleep to say wf end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2973 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to be that isethe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcajrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armv ugainstol sea ofutrouble. and by oepssin. end them.qtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby p sleep to say wz end.vthe hexwtacbe and the thous.sd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2974 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bd that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcawrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taqk armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleh and by okpssin. end them.btoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby r sleep to say wq end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2975 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcabrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taqk armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleg and by oopssin. end them.utoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby t sleep to say wu end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 2976 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bl that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcafrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taqk armh ugainstol sea ofutroublef and by ospssin. end them.stoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby q sleep to say wx end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2977 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bf that isqthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcaprows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublez and by ospssin. end them.dtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby t sleep to say wo end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2978 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isothe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcaqrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublel and by orpssin. end them.ftoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say wb end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 2979 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bp that isathe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandca rows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleh and by oapssin. end them.utoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say wr end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturel shockn.
gen: 2980 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that isathe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaarows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tau  armh udainstol sea ofutroubler and by o.pssin. end them.ttoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby r sleep to say wo end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturql shockn.
gen: 2981 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bd that isdthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcavrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublez and by ogpssin. end them.btoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby g sleep to say wu end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2982 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bv that iskthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcabrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublej and by ohpssin. end them.htoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby t sleep to say wo end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturdl shockn.
gen: 2983 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bz that is.the questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffej. ohe slcngsvandca rows oh outragewul fsdtune. or to taq  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublek and by o.pssin. end them.ntoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby i sleep to say ww end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 2984 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that is the questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcazrows of outragewul fsdtune. or to taq  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubles and by oypssin. end them.vtoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby . sleep so say wg end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 2985 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bh that iscthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcalrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublel and by odpssin. end them..toxdje to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to say wk end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturol shockn.
gen: 2986 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bl that isythe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcahrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublez and by oypssin. end them.ttoxdje to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to say wa end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2987 fit: -43 chromo: toybe or not to bs that isdthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffen. ohe slcngsvandcawrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubled and by okpssin. end them.ftoxdje to sleep. no more. andfby o sleep to say wl end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natural shockn.
gen: 2988 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that isbthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgtb scffej. ohe slcngsvandcanrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubled and by oepssin. end them.ntoxdje to sleep. no more. andgby a sleep to say wo end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 2989 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b  that ic.the questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb sdffel. ohe slcngsvandcayrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taq  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublee and by o pssin. end them. toxdie to sleep. no more. andgry j sleep to say wc end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 2990 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bn that isethe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaqrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubled and by oepssin. end them..toxdie to sleep. no more. andhby g sleep to say wl end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 2991 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that ispthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcacrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubler and by oypssin. end them.itoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say wu end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natursl shockn.
gen: 2992 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to ba that isvthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcadrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutrouble. and by ohpssin. end them.utoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to say wg end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natur l shockn.
gen: 2993 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that iskthe qufstior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigte sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcatrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleg and by ovpssin. end them.otoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby y sleep to say we end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturvl shockn.
gen: 2994 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bf that ispthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcafrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublef and by ojpssin. end them.ntoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wf end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturil shockn.
gen: 2995 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to by that isothe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. ohe slcngsvandca.rows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublew and by oipssin. end them..toxdie to sleep. no more. andhby u sleep to say wq end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturnl shockn.
gen: 2996 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bi that isdthe questior.vwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcazrows of outragewul fsdtune. or to taus armh ugainstol sea ofutroublef and by oipssin. end them.ntoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby r sleep to say wf end.vthe hexwtacfe and thf thous.sd naturll shockn.
gen: 2997 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that ismthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcabrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublel and by owpssin. end them.otoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby a sleep to say wa end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 2998 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that iswthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgte sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcanrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublef and by oapssin. end them.ktoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby d sleep to say w  end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 2999 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bm that isothe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. ohe slcngsvandca.rows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublex and by ospssin. end them.ktoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby u sleep to say wu end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 3000 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that ispthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. ohe slcngsvandcamrows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubler and by odpssin. end them.ztoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby e sleep to say wc end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natur.l shockn.
gen: 3001 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bo that isgthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcawrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleq and by o pssin. end them.ntoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby b sleep to say wu end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 3002 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bp that isdthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcamrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublet and by ofpssin. end them.ctoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby d sleep to say wz end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturwl shockn.
gen: 3003 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bq that isothe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. ohe slcngsvandcacrows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublei and by oipssin. end them.rtoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby i sleep to say wy end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natur l shockn.
gen: 3004 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that ismthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcawrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublev and by oapssin. end them.stoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say w  end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 3005 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to br that isvthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcamrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubley and by ovpssin. end them.ttoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby e sleep to say wn end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturil shockn.
gen: 3006 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to by that isdthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linagta sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaerows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublex and by oypssin. end them.gtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby o sleep to say wm end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturkl shockn.
gen: 3007 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bh that issthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linagta sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaqrows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleu and by ospssin. end them.ntoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby u sleep to say wj end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 3008 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bi that iskthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcatrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublel and by oxpssin. end them.itoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby q sleep to say ws end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 3009 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bx that isdthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. ohe slcngsvandcahrows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublec and by oepssin. end them.qtoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby w sleep to say wl end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 3010 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bu that istthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. ohe slcngsvandcaarows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublez and by oepssin. end them.rtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby v sleep to say we end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 3011 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isfthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcavrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutrouble. and by ofpssin. end them.mtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby b sleep to say wy end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturdl shockn.
gen: 3012 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isethe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvanddairows of outragewul fsltune. or to tauh armh ugainstol sea ofutroublef and by obpssin. end them.otoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby d sleep to say ww end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 3013 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bu that istthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. ohe slcngsvandcacrows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublel and by oapssin. end them.atoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby e sleep to say w  end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natur l shockn.
gen: 3014 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bh that isnthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. ohe slcngsvandcairows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutrouble. and by onpssin. end them.ptoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby j sleep to say wt end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 3015 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that issthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta sdffej. ohe slcngsvanddasrows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubled and by oupssin. end them.atoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby b sleep to say wd end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturcl shockn.
gen: 3016 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isuthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcaarows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubles and by oxpssin. end them.dtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wo end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 3017 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to ba that isdthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. ohe slcngsvandca rows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublea and by onpssin. end them.ftoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby v sleep to say ww end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 3018 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcaerows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleu and by oppssin. end them.vtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say we end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturvl shockn.
gen: 3019 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b. that iswthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvanddayrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublet ant by olpssin. end them.rtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby w sleep to say wu end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturpl shockn.
gen: 3020 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bd that iswthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. ohe slcngsvandcamrows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleo and by oipssin. end them.ltoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby b sleep to say wi end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturil shockn.
gen: 3021 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to br that isrthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcaprows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleh and by obpssin. end them.ytoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say wv end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturel shockn.
gen: 3022 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to be that istthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcaurows of outragewul fsltune. or to taul armh ugainstol sea ofutroublez and by ovpssin. end them.ktoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby w sleep to say wt end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturdl shockn.
gen: 3023 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that islthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcazrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubled and by ojpssin. end them.ftoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby x sleep to say wq end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturnl shockn.
gen: 3024 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bp that ismthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandca rows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleu and by ocpssin. end them.utoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say we end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturxl shockn.
gen: 3025 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bo that isjthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcalrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubley and by o.pssin. end them.etoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby k sleep to say wk end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturwl shockn.
gen: 3026 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bk that isvthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcaorows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublef and by ohpssin. end them.jtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby e sleep to say wj end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 3027 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bh that is.the questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcaerows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutrouble  and by ozpssin. end them.btoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby o sleep to say w  end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturrl shockn.
gen: 3028 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bk that iscthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta sdffen. mhe slcngsvandcaerows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleb and by oopssin. end them.atoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby c sleep to say wq end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturul shockn.
gen: 3029 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b. that iszthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcanrows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubles and by oupssin. end them.wtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby e sleep to say wq end.vthe hewwtacfe and the thous.sd naturbl shockn.
gen: 3030 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b  that is the questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. ohe slcngsvandcayrows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleh and by ompssin. end them.ntoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby g sleep to say wv end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 3031 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that is.the questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandkavrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubles and by ojpssin. end them.wtoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby e sleep to say wb end.vthe hexutacfe and the thous.sd naturel shockn.
gen: 3032 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that iscxhe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcaqrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutrovblez and by o.pssin. end them.itoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby t sleep to say wl end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 3033 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bo that istthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcaorows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublem and by oqpssin. end them.ltoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby d sleep to say wx end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturel shockn.
gen: 3034 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bn that isbthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandcaxrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublew and by oipssin. end them.utoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wg end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturpl shockp.
gen: 3035 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bp that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. ohe slcngsvandcadrows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutrouble. and by o.pssin. end them.stoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby   sleep to say wn end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturtl shockn.
gen: 3036 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that isfthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb slffej. mhe slcngsvandcafrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublen and by okpssin  end them.htoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby a sleep to say wy end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturhl shocky.
gen: 3037 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandkakrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublee and by oupssin. end them.ntoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby f sleep to say wu end.vthe hexutacfe and the thous.sd naturwl shockn.
gen: 3038 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to by that iswthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. ohe slcngsvandcaorows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublem and by oopssin. end them.utoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby n sleep to say wq end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturil shockn.
gen: 3039 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b  that iswthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandca rows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublem and by oipssin. end them. toxdie to sleep. no more. andhby j sleep to say wk end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturhl shockn.
gen: 3040 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bl that istthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. ohe slcngsvandcagrows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublex and by onpssin. end them.qtoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby z sleep to say wc end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 3041 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bz that ishthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandcafrows of outragexulkfsdtune. or to tau  armh ugainstpl sea ofqtroublep and by otpssin. end them.wtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby j sleep to say w. end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturel shocko.
gen: 3042 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that is.the questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandcaxrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleb and by onpssin. end them.atoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby v sleep to say wr end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturvl shockz.
gen: 3043 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bp that isvthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandcaorows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublef and by oupssin. end them.atoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say wd end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturjl shockx.
gen: 3044 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isuthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandkaerows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublez and by o pssin. end them.htoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby k sleep to say wz end.vthe hexutacfe and the thous.sd naturfl shockn.
gen: 3045 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isjthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandkadrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubler and by onpssin. end them.atoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby s sleep to say wp end.vthe hexutacfe and the thous.sd natursl shockn.
gen: 3046 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to br that isgthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandcanrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublen and by ocpssin. end them.vtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say wm end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natur l shockz.
gen: 3047 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bx that iszthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. ohe slcngsvandca.rows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublej and by o.pssin. end them.qtoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby v sleep to say wv end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 3048 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bz that isathe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandcajrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutrouble. and by ompssin. end them.rtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby   sleep to say wl end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturyl shockz.
gen: 3049 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bi that isrthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigtb slffej. mhe slcngsvandcawrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleu and by oxpssin. end them.ttoxdie to sleep. no more. andhbc z sleep to say wo end.qthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturql shockj.
gen: 3050 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bo that isrthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandcatrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublez and by oqpssin. end them.dtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wk end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturwl shockr.
gen: 3051 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandkaorows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh vgainstol sea ofutroubleg and by oupssin. end them.itoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby o sleep to say wm end.vthe hexutacfe and the thous.sd naturgl shockn.
gen: 3052 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to be that isqthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandcalrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleq and by ofpssin. end them.vtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby z sleep to say wn end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natur.l shockl.
gen: 3053 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to br that isgthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcayrows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubler and by oqpssin. end them.itoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby v sleep to say wu end.vthe hewwtacfe and the thous.sd natur l shockn.
gen: 3054 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that iswthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcagrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubler and by oypssin. end them.utoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby l sleep to say wm end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturzl shockn.
gen: 3055 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that iskthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandka.rows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh vgainstol sea ofutroublez and by okpssin. end them.ttoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby m sleep to say wl end.vthe hexutacfe and the thous.sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 3056 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bq that iswthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. ohe slcngsvandcairows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublen and by olpssin. end them.ltoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby v sleep to say wn end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 3057 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that isdthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandcajrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutrouble  and by oppssin. end them.vtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby x sleep to say wp end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturxl shockq.
gen: 3058 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bl that isnthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandcadrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubled and by oqpssin. end them.vtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby o sleep to say wz end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natur.l shockm.
gen: 3059 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that istthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcanrows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublec and by oapssin. end them.ztoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby p sleep to say wb end.vthe hewwtacfe and the thous.sd naturjl shockn.
gen: 3060 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bg that isvthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkhta slffej. mhe slcngsvandcayrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublet and by olpssin. end them.stofdie to sleep. no more. andhby b sleep to say wm end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturwl shockk.
gen: 3061 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that iswthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkalrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublek and by ojpssin. end them.dtoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby a sleep to say w  end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natursl shockz.
gen: 3062 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isdthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkatrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutrouble  and by oxpssin. end them.htoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby   sleep to say wb end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturul shockk.
gen: 3063 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkabrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubles and by oipssin. end them.gtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to say wh end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturol shockf.
gen: 3064 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bi that isnthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkanrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublee and by o.pssin. end them.ktoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby g sleep to say wp end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturol shocke.
gen: 3065 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isbthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. nhe slcngsvandkasrows of outragewuj fsltune. or to tak  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleb and by oppssin. end them.ftoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby f sleep to say wg end.vthe hexxtacfe and the thous.sd naturdl shocka.
gen: 3066 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that iscthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. nhe slcngsvandkajrows of outragewuj fsltune. or to tam  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublej and by ompssin. end them.ktoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby j sleep to say wj end.vthe hexxtacfe and the thous.sd naturll shocks.
gen: 3067 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bz that isvthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcalrows of outragegul fsdtune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublem and by ovpssin. end them.etoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby v sleep to say wq end.vthe hewwtacfe and the thous.sd naturyl shockn.
gen: 3068 fit: -43 chromo: .o be or not to bm that isvthe questior.uwhether tis dogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandcajrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleh and by oppssin. end them.otoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby g sleep to say wc end.vthe hexwtagfe and the thous.sd naturzl shockr.
gen: 3069 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bv that isdthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkalrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublei and by oepssin. end them.rtoxdie to sleep. no move. andhby g sleep to say wd end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturzl shockf.
gen: 3070 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b  that isjthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linygta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcaorows of outragegul fsdtune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleu and by ospssin. end them.ztoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby z sleep to say wt end.vthe heuwtacfe and the thous.sd naturyl shockd.
gen: 3071 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bh that isdthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkaerows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublex and by oypssin. end them.gtoxdie to sleeh. no more. andhby p sleep to say wy end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.cd naturrl shockz.
gen: 3072 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b  that isuthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linigta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcalrows of outragegul fsdtune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublen and by ohpssin. end them.utoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby . sleep to say wy end.vthe hewwtacfe and the thous.sd naturyl shockp.
gen: 3073 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b  that ispthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linygta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcabrows of outragegul fsdtune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublea and by olpssin. end them.gtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby j sleep to say wp end.vthe heuwtacfe and the thous.sd naturyl shockc.
gen: 3074 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bl that istthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linygta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcaqrows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublec and by okpssin. end them.ltoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby h sleep to say wp end.vthe heuwtacfe and the thous.sd naturul shockz.
gen: 3075 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bn that isuthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkagrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublei and by oypssin. end them.ftoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby k sleep to say wc end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturhl shockz.
gen: 3076 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bg that ispthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle lin gta slffej. mhe slcngsvandcaurows of outragewul fsltune. or to taf  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublej and by otpssin. end them.wtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby v sleep to say wa end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturwl shockc.
gen: 3077 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bn that isdthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linygta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcaerows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleo and by ocpssin. end them.stoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby s sleep to say wc end.vthe heuwtacfe and the thous.sd naturvl shockt.
gen: 3078 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bf that isathe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle lin gta slffej. mhe slcngsvandcalrows of outragewul fsltune. or to taf  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublec and by orpssin. end them.ktoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby z sleep to say wz end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natur l shockb.
gen: 3079 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bl that isythe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linygta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcajrows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutrouble. and by oupssin. end them.etoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby f sleep to say wr end.vthe heuwtacfe and the thous.sd naturul shockc.
gen: 3080 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b  that isathe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkakrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutrouble  and by ocpssin. end them.ltoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby c sleep to say wy end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturil shockk.
gen: 3081 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to br that isythe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linygta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcarrows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublef and by ospssin. end them.stoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby s sleep to say we end.vthe heuwtacfe and the thous.sd naturbl shocke.
gen: 3082 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bm that isithe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linygta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcawrows of outragewul fsdtune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublem and by oipssin. end them.btoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby   sleep to say wk end.vthe heuwtacfe and the thous.sd naturtl shockm.
gen: 3083 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to ba that isqthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkaprows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublez and by ofpssin. end them.stoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say ww end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natural shockl.
gen: 3084 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bx that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkacrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublet and by o pssin. end them.xtoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby s sleep to say wi end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natur.l shockh.
gen: 3085 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bh that isethe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkarrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublef and by otpssin. end them. toxdie to sleep. no more. andgby l sleep to say wl end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturml shockl.
gen: 3086 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bk that ismthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkacrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublev and by oppssin. end them. toxdie to sleep. no more. andhby j sleep to say wh end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturql shockv.
gen: 3087 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bz that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkafrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublew and by oqpssin. end them.ctoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby b sleep to say ws end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturql shockc.
gen: 3088 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bo that isethe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linygta sdffej. mhe slcngsvandcatrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea mfutroubleo and by okpssin. end them. toxdie to sleep. no more. andgby m sleep to say wu end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturfl shockf.
gen: 3089 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bt that islthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkacrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutrouble  and by oopssin. end them.otoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to say wm end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturfl shockg.
gen: 3090 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bf that isqthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkazrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublew and by oypssin. end them. toxdie to sleep. no more. andgby y sleep to say ww end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natursl shockc.
gen: 3091 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bi that isqthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkafrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubler and by ohpssin. end them.vtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby y sleep to say wa end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturul shockp.
gen: 3092 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that iswthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkajrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublen and by otpssin. end them.jtoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby y sleep to say wf end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturel shockj.
gen: 3093 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bs that iswthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkabrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublel and by ompssin. end them. toxdie to sleep. no more. andhby h sleep to say wd end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natur.l shockv.
gen: 3094 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bn that isfthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkaurows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleb and by ocpssin. end them.otoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby h sleep to say wl end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturil shockf.
gen: 3095 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to ba that isothe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkaurows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleb and by oepssin. end them..toxdie to sleep. no more. andgby a sleep to say wr end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturll shockx.
gen: 3096 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b  that ispthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkalrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublev and by ospssin. end them.htoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby h sleep to say wy end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturgl shocko.
gen: 3097 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bh that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linlgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkatrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublev and by oapssin. end them.wtoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby f sleep to say wh end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturvl shockq.
gen: 3098 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bu that isqthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkairows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublev and by odpssin. end them.xtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby b sleep to say wz end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturul shockn.
gen: 3099 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bb that isrthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkalrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutrouble  and by orpssin. end them. toxdie to sleep. no more. andgby j sleep to say wj end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturcl shocko.
gen: 3100 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to br that isgthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle lin gta slffej. mhe slcngsvandcacrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleu and by oupssin. end them.ttoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby e sleep to say wx end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturyl shockl.
gen: 3101 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bl that isithe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle lin gta slffej. mhe slcngsvandcabrows of outragewul f ltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleh and by odpssin. end them.htoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby w sleep to say wg end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturxl shocku.
gen: 3102 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that isfthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle lin gta slffej. mhe slcngsvandcaprows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleq and by oxpssin. end them.ytoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby o sleep to say wk end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturwl shockv.
gen: 3103 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bt that ismthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle lin gta slffej. ohe slcngsvandkakrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstok sea ofutroublef and by obpssin. end them.xtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhbyyv sleep to say wo end.vthe hexwtacfe ajd the thous.sd naturjl shocko.
gen: 3104 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bh that isothe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle dinkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkazrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubler and by ompssin. end them.ytoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby p sleep to say ws end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturol shockg.
gen: 3105 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bx that islthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle dinkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkaerows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublez and by ofpssin. end them.ttoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby w sleep to say wt end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturfl shockl.
gen: 3106 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bx that isnthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsuandkalrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublea and by obpssin. end them.btoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby x sleep to say wy end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natural shockg.
gen: 3107 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bu that isothe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkaarows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublej and by owpssin. end them.itoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby s sleep to say wd end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturjl shockr.
gen: 3108 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isfthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkaarows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleh and by owpssin. end them.vtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby c sleep to say w. end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturll shocka.
gen: 3109 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bx that iszthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandka rows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublez and by odpssint end them.rtoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby o sleep to say wg end.vtfe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturzl shockd.
gen: 3110 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isethe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandka.rows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubled and by otpssin. end them.ytoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby w sleep to say wa end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturbl shockg.
gen: 3111 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to be that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle lin gta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkavrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh vgainstol sea ofutroubleh and by okpssin. end them.atoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby r sleep to say wo end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturul shockv.
gen: 3112 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b. that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle lin gta slffej. mhe slcngsvandcavrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleh and by ospssin. end them..toxdie to sleep. no more. andhby l sleep to say wi end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturql shocks.
gen: 3113 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to ba that is.the questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkaurows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofurroublew and by ozpssin. end them.ltoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby z sleep to say wh end.vthe hehwtacfe and the thous.sd natur.l shockg.
gen: 3114 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that isdthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle pinkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkarrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublec and by ojpssin. end them.itoxdie to sleep. no more. andgby c sleep to say w. end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturbl shockg.
gen: 3115 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bi that issthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkafrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublel and by orpssin. end them.otoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby f sleep to say wn end.vthe hemwtacfe and the thous.cd naturyl shockf.
gen: 3116 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bi that isjthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle lin gta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkahrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh vgainstol sea ofutroublen and by owpssin  end them.wtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby o sleep to say wq end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturgl shockw.
gen: 3117 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to be that isethe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle lin gta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkawrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh vgainstol sea ofutroublem and by owpssin  end them.ptoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby e sleep to say wq end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturvl shocku.
gen: 3118 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bx that isqthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle lin gta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkafrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh vgainstol sea ofutroublev and by oipssin  end them.itoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby . sleep to say wl end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturdl shock .
gen: 3119 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bx that isqthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkamrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublei and by ofpssin. end them.utoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wd end.vthe hepwtacfe and the thous.cd naturbl shockm.
gen: 3120 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bg that ishthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkaerows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublez and by ojpssin. end them.etoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby l sleep to say wu end.vthe hedwtacfe and the thous.cd naturwl shockm.
gen: 3121 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to be that iswthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle lin gta spffej. mhe slcngsuandkaprows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutrouble. and by otpssin. end them.ntohdie to sleep. no more. andhby g sleep to say wn end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturkl shockh.
gen: 3122 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bw that isithe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle lin gta spffej. mhe slcngsuandka.rows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublek and by okpssin. end them.ftoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby l sleep to say wn end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturbl shock..
gen: 3123 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bl that isdthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle pin gta slffej. mhe slcngsvandcaprows of outragewul fsltune. or to tau  armh vgainstol sea ofutroubled and by oapssyn. end them.xtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby n sleep to say wb end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturil shockt.
gen: 3124 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bh that isnthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle lin gta spffej. mhe slcngsuandkajrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleg and by ogpssin. end them.otohdie to sleep. no more. andhby v sleep to say wn end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturll shockf.
gen: 3125 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bt that iskthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle lin gta spffej. mhe slcngsuandkaerows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublej and by ohpssin. end them.ctohdie to sleep. no more. andhby d sleep to say wn end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd naturol shock .
gen: 3126 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bj that isythe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle lin gta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkarrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh vgainstol sea ofutroublew and by odpssin  end them.ptoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby u sleep to say wr end.vthe hexwtacfe and the thous.sd natursl shockn.
gen: 3127 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bq that is.the questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkaprows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleg and by ozpssin. end them.vtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby   sleep to say wj end.vthe heuwtacfe and the thous.cd naturfl shockb.
gen: 3128 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bt that isdthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkaqrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleh and by orpssin. end them.rtoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby   sleep to say ww end.vthe heywtacfe and the thous.gd naturkl shockw.
gen: 3129 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bh that ismthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkaarows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublen and by odpssin. end them.ttoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby a sleep to say wk end.vthe hedwtacfe and the thous.gd naturwl shocki.
gen: 3130 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to b  that isxthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta skffej. mhe slcngsvandka rows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroubleo and by oqpssin. end them.ftoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby t sleep to say wm end.vthe hedwtacfe and the thous.cd naturpl shocki.
gen: 3131 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to bn that isvthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta skffej. mhe slcngsvandkaqrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublef and by ovpssin. end them.utoxdie to sleep. no more. andhby q sleep to say wf end.vthe hepwtacfe and the thous.cd naturll shock .
gen: 3132 fit: -43 chromo: to be or not to br that ismthe questior.uwhether tis cogler in tle linkgta slffej. mhe slcngsvandkalrows of outragewul fsltune. or to tav  armh ugainstol sea ofutroublee and by owpssin. end them..toxdie to sleep. no more. andhby i sleep to say wn end.vthe heywtacfe and the thous.cd naturhl shockz.

...
