C:\Users\djoff\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python36\python.exe C:/git/Evolutionary-Algorithms/ex1/part_b.py
(<class '__main__.ShakespeareGA'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.selection_strategy.RouletteWheelSelection'>, <class '__main__.CustomTextUniformCrossover'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.crossover_strategy.TwoParentsTwoChildren'>, <class '__main__.CustomTextMutation'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.genetic_algorithm.ApplyElitism'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.fitness_function.MistakesBasedFitnessFunc'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.genetic_algorithm.GeneticAlgorithm'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.selection_strategy.SelectionStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.crossover_strategy.CrossoverStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.mutation_strategy.MutationStrategy'>, <class 'GeneticAlgoAPI.fitness_function.FitnessFuncBase'>, <class 'abc.ABC'>, <class 'object'>)
elitism=8
mutation_rate=0.01
crossover_rate=0.75
 population_size=100
gen: 0 fit: -278 chromo: gisytcubikilctaai qu.irtdu.e.arjaa coa.occzyfytkw rbebhbqzxtfzlthf jdexczzduox.cqh zsgxuu.nzcc tfytbaia ppgblbbvqgx f.zutlbcxmicucporamwathmulaalkzpnyjciclabaqdecdkaksetfvaywwj.d.f u.oqcsmmktamugtiyrdw. otnktesazpuv dqbkqdaecbythrbvq egneokxpvpapaia.mduonqcxdjclbqgnc.oabdtmzgojp.aqpsubwtacdz.usoif
gen: 1 fit: -276 chromo: tmjocksqlmvfdkwvktxcyoombxady.ccxmckttl.yqreviutbdyxmnaajqbawxusmyamapzukcenrnalaaiorjzjxamnegecwkxdu iuxfvdeosr.ohimdqiexbcw retjklndmueiaadbpdvxlda..bacdu.nynapbmstluneadybqdaxdxkzzrwowcuxrjb.unopea.ax lslohhpl.epemoq dykdfmnkk fdlu.qvtssroacuclehepjtrtkf i facd.dvpcedayyyvadsu t minrm qehthzkbp
gen: 2 fit: -276 chromo: tmjocksqlmvfdkwvktxcyoombxady.ccxmckttl.yqreviutbdyxmnaajqbawxusmyamapzukcenrnalaaiorjzjxamnegecwkxdu iuxfvdeosr.ohimdqiexbcw retjklndmueiaadbpdvxlda..bacdu.nynapbmstluneadybqdaxdxkzzrwowcuxrjb.unopea.ax lslohhpl.epemoq dykdfmnkk fdlu.qvtssroacuclehepjtrtkf i facd.dvpcedayyyvadsu t minrm qehthzkbp
gen: 3 fit: -272 chromo: prs zcubdciivbaingdu.ontbkasr.ccualczdl.yqcywatnbdrseuhpsqbdxxbtmeadcxxckmmnyxabaa whjzui.nacgcayygoa a cbbfldbrddhwf.qaembcj fevcpotgm atamuesdbklpn..juanracfaeakkzaaeruvadiwd.tlf u.nqopbctrjbuadohziwbqomsktespldcpdute qdykdsykka dm ggvbfkpincac gyamcgrnwfhijcicdtddasajatyrvajs.hf sinrr hahtuskbd
gen: 4 fit: -269 chromo: srs zcubiclivzaongdu.on bksq.hccmalno l.cezywat warsebhbqqedoxythg vjedn.mdzoxdbaa pxctbi.nvygcafwgoy i gpbfndsrkgxwfqqacpkcxlfevcaooac cfabgernb.lpns.huynracqkeptcsbterf awzwd..kf u.nrpflctrjbuadqxciwbqomsstesaloupdutc qkkkdsyhksetm ggvrfaravcaczgybdpgrnwcxfjclcdtdd.sakktdrvves.hc ewntrapngtuqka
gen: 5 fit: -267 chromo: qmjkzcsdlwhvpknvn xcoomzbxzdybccrklkzta.yxrevidt pyxenapcebannldo ddapzatxmfrpclackotjzjp..negecwkxduuibcfbfzptr.dhwf.dioxzrj rwtjkon duala.ubprkxeka..bacnabcfffpdtznsufeadaiqdatdibb v.ohcqxren.u pheawar lsnxhhpl.lpemo  dsadfmnrcw qlhukvtosrozcucmed udtsnwc j uicl.ddxcabeoyvndisahb mimrrdqeh hdkvp
gen: 6 fit: -262 chromo: arsyzdubcki cbsipedb.ontbxabr.ccugvkzdl.yqzewacnbd sebfbsqbdxxbtheakkexczvenqnfiaadwhjzni.nacgxannroa a cbgxkzbr.dhw..qaeqccw fencpltim abamulsbrztpz..juanwaefugwkosaaereva.iwd xla z.nqypmmktjeuadohzbwdqomstgehpjdfg uog qtagmbykeardr ggjbokxonpgo gyamxgrnwf ijcicdtdvasdsaayruojs.ht .inaraazztdzkbd
gen: 7 fit: -262 chromo: arsyzdubcki cbsipedb.ontbxabr.ccugvkzdl.yqzewacnbd sebfbsqbdxxbtheakkexczvenqnfiaadwhjzni.nacgxannroa a cbgxkzbr.dhw..qaeqccw fencpltim abamulsbrztpz..juanwaefugwkosaaereva.iwd xla z.nqypmmktjeuadohzbwdqomstgehpjdfg uog qtagmbykeardr ggjbokxonpgo gyamxgrnwf ijcicdtdvasdsaayruojs.ht .inaraazztdzkbd
gen: 8 fit: -260 chromo: qrjkzcsblkivpksipedb.omtbxzbybccuglkzda.yxrevidn dysenapcqbaxnldheddapzctvmfqpflaakohjzjp.nncgxcwnroauabcfgxzptr.dhw..daeqcrw retjkonidualamubsrrxfkz..buanaacffgpdtsaauread.iqdaxlabb.n.yhmqxten.adphzawaq mstxehpldlg mog dtagfbnkeardr ugjtosxoncgcmgd mdtsnwc j uicl.dvacdsaayvnois.ht mimrrdqezthzkbp
gen: 9 fit: -258 chromo: qrskdysblkoiokkapedbcxnfbkzoybbcaglk.dadyxrevah  pyfnbiplqatxnldhe mapzathmfq flma ohktbp. cdgxcwnroada pfgftptr.dh j.qkcptaw fetmklnidualaqgbsrb.fkn..bwan acdkewdtsbaurfoz.cqdaklabuysmyhmyxzfn.adox aiaq mztxbhpldjgdmogt.fagfbfkeaedr uhjtosxavygpmgv .dtznwcbj clclgdvacasat.vnoit.nt euptwaqzztuqkbe
gen: 10 fit: -257 chromo: sms zygdlchivtnon qwoonzbk.dybccmmlcota.aerewi.n aisenabqqxaxnbth  vlpuatmdfoxcbaa wxjzbp.nvygecwyxou ibcfbfnptrkphwj.qioxkrxlrwvckon c alabubrdeklras.bayn bcffepdcynsefe dwiwdatkfbu.nroflyxrdbua ohzaw.romsntehpl.lpemo adskdfdnkkwvqldggvtfbrovcapzed.udtsewhxijclcl.ddadajeodrvoltahc mintqdaegtudkvp
gen: 11 fit: -247 chromo: arjkzp.bcxofoknikgxaotnkvxaqybccrgvkzda.hscywiwn dlseudpcebdxnathgamaxzatvmfqpcbmcfwtkzbu.nnegec.n.da i afvfzdsr.gnwkdqioqtcw fwsjkoo muevaauhs kxtpns.hazsraczkfwdorbyerevz.bqdaxkfbb.n. hmkxrenuudqxydwabalsqmehhlnjhduor qsadwbnrea qg bqvtospknwupvebb.dt.n h jecicm.adxcaskoydnadsa d mincraceztuzebp
gen: 12 fit: -244 chromo: smj tu.rlchlotnokgqvotnkvx.qyxcjcgveota.hecyxid  jiseud qebtxnath avlecatvdfqxcbm. ptkzbu.nnycecfnxdy ibgfvfzdsrkgnwf.qioqtrwlfwvjkoo muelaauhr kklpns.ha sraczkawdornyerevz.lqdatkfbb.n. fmkxrenuudohyd abamsqmeshl.jpduocadsadfbzkca qgdbgktokpovwupvedbudt.e h jtcicm.ddxcajezydvalsa d mi.rraaestudkvp
gen: 13 fit: -244 chromo: smj tu.rlchlotnokgqvotnkvx.qyxcjcgveota.hecyxid  jiseud qebtxnath avlecatvdfqxcbm. ptkzbu.nnycecfnxdy ibgfvfzdsrkgnwf.qioqtrwlfwvjkoo muelaauhr kklpns.ha sraczkawdornyerevz.lqdatkfbb.n. fmkxrenuudohyd abamsqmeshl.jpduocadsadfbzkca qgdbgktokpovwupvedbudt.e h jtcicm.ddxcajezydvalsa d mi.rraaestudkvp
gen: 14 fit: -244 chromo: qrskdyublxhfcknolgxactnfaxzdrbccrgve.tp.hscewihn dlfeudbcexapnlthgamapjatvmfopfbaa wtkzbp nnccxcwn.oa i cfvfzdtr.dhck.qaoqtcx fdsmkoo dualaauhsdkktpm..ha n aczffwdoynyurevz.bqnaxkfbu.nm hbyxtecuu jxedwabomsqxbhplnjgdmorcqsaddmnrea.qg bqvtospon upmeb..dtre h f cicm.ddxcaseoyvnaisand mincrcczztudebe
gen: 15 fit: -241 chromo: qmdkcyurixhfcktongxactnkbx.drxcccg eota.hszewshk diseudbcenapnlthgamapcatvmfqxfbma wtkzju.nnccecwnwba i cfvfzpsr.ghik.qaoqtrx fdsckoo cuabhauhsrkkepn..ha sh cfofwdornyeread.lwnaxdfbn.nmfhbyxtecuudjxyd abamsqtfhal.jvdmor dsaddmyhea qd bqjtoshon ucmeb.udtse h  tumcm.ddxcajazyvnalsand mincraceztudeve
gen: 16 fit: -238 chromo: arskcpgblwhlotnv.gqbcdnzvxzdrbccuelk.ta.iqceriht pyfjnqblextonlthg vlpjatxmfqpfbaa ohkzbp ncmgxc.dxea a cagfzptr.dhck.quoqkrx.fdsjklo d avaaubsdkkfkmc.hw sraczffwdtynierfad.nwddxdabu.n. hbyxten.a ohedwabalssxbhplnjgfmorcdsaqdmnreadtg xhvtpcrkvwupvev .dtse h ftclcl.ddxcdskoddnoitand mincrdaeztudkvp
gen: 17 fit: -234 chromo: arskcp.bcwofptnongxaodnzvxadrxccuelkmda.hscywih  plfjnq lextonlthdavlxjatxmfqpfbm.fwtkzbp nnmgxcwnxdy a cfgfzlsrkdnck.qkoqtrw.fwtjkload avaaubs kkfpns.habsraczffwdoybyerfvd.nwdaxkabb.n. hmkxtfn.a ohediabalssmecpldjhfmor .faqcmnreadqg bhvtpsrkn upvev..dt.e hbjeclcl.dvxcaskoadnoisand mimcrdizztuqkvp
gen: 18 fit: -231 chromo: arskcyubcxofctnongxaodnzbx.brxccue kmta.hscewih  plsjnq cexapnlthgavapjatxmfqpfbmafwtkzbu.nnccecwnwby a cfvfylsr.ghck.qkoqtrw fdtjklo dqabaaubsrkkepns.habshaczofwdorbyeread.lwdaxkabb.n.fhmyxtfaua jx d abamsstehpl.jvdmor .saqdmyrea qg bqvtosron upmeb..dt.e.hbjtulcm.ddxcasazydnoisand mimcraieztuqkve
gen: 19 fit: -231 chromo: arskcyubcxofctnongxaodnzbx.brxccue kmta.hscewih  plsjnq cexapnlthgavapjatxmfqpfbmafwtkzbu.nnccecwnwby a cfvfylsr.ghck.qkoqtrw fdtjklo dqabaaubsrkkepns.habshaczofwdorbyeread.lwdaxkabb.n.fhmyxtfaua jx d abamsstehpl.jvdmor .saqdmyrea qg bqvtosron upmeb..dt.e.hbjtulcm.ddxcasazydnoisand mimcraieztuqkve
gen: 20 fit: -229 chromo: arskcyurlxofctnolexaodnzbxzbrxcjue kmta.hscewahn plfjnd cexahnlthgavlpcatxmfqxfbm. wtkzbp.nncgecwnwby a cfvfnpsr.ghjk.quoqtrxefdtikoo d avaauasdkkekns.habsraczfvwdoybyeread.lwdaxdabu.n.fhmkxtfa.u jx dia amsqtehpl.jvdmoc osaqdmyreaeqg bqvtoshon upmev..dt.e hbjtuicl.ddxcasazydnolcund eimcraieztuzkve
gen: 21 fit: -226 chromo: qrskcygrlxofptno.gxaccnzvx.brxccuelkooa.iscewsh .dysjncblextpnlthe vaazatvnfqpfbma whkzju.nnycecwd.ei abpfvfzpsr.ghwkdqkoqtzx fdtckoo cqabafubsdkkepms.ha shaczofwdornyereazwlwdaxlabb.n. hcyxten.a ox d abaisste.hl.jgdmor .saqdnykeacqd bhvtochkv upmey..dtse hbjtuicmcddscajczydnoitand mimcracesturkue
gen: 22 fit: -226 chromo: qrskcycrlxofptno.gxaccnzvx.brxccuelkooa.iscewsh .dysjncblextpnlthe vaazatvnfqpfbma whkzju.nnycecwd.ei abpfvfzpsr.ghwkdqkoqtzx fdtckoo cqabafubsdikepms.ha shaczofwdornyereazwlwdaxlabb.n. hcyxten.a ox d abaisste.hl.jgdmor .saqdnykeacqd bhvtochkv upmey..dtse hbjtuicmcddscajczydnoitand mimcracesturkue
gen: 23 fit: -225 chromo: qmslcygrlkofctno.gxaccnzvx.byxccuelltoa.iscwriht dysjnqblextonlthe mlacgtvnfqpfbaa whkzjp.nnygxc...ei a nfvfzpsv.dhwk.qkoqtcx fdtcklo cuabafuhsdkkfpns.ha shaczfewdorbyerfadynwdaxlabu.n. hcyttfn.u oxed abaisqmehal.jhdmor .sbqdnnreactr bhjtochkv upmey .dt.e h jtuaclcdusdasczydnoisand eimtrahzztudkvp
gen: 24 fit: -224 chromo: qrskcp.zixofptnongxacdnzvx.ayxccuelkmoa.iscerih  dlsjndblexapnlthe vapnatxdfqxfbma whkzbu.nnccecwd.bi e pbvfzpsrkghwkdqkoqtrw fdt kooacqavafubsrkkepms.ha shaczofwdorbyereax.lwdaxlabb.n. hmyxten.a ox d abalsste.pl.jgdmor .sagdnykea qd bhbtochpy upmev..ptse hbftclcucddscajcoydnoitend mijcracestuykvc
gen: 25 fit: -220 chromo: amskcpgrcwofptno.gxaccn bbabrxccuelkmta.hrcewihn.dysjncblexthnlthe mldjatvmfqpfbmt wtkzbu.nncgecwnxby abpfefzltr.ghwf.qqoqtzwefdxckoo cuabaauhsnkkepns.hm sraczffwdorblereadwlwda.kbbn.n. hcyxtfbuukod.d abamssmespl.jhdmor .saddmnneacqd bqrtochkn uprev..dtse hbftuicm.ddxcajkzyvnolsand mimcraizstudkbp
gen: 26 fit: -219 chromo: arskcpurcwofptno.gxacdnzbxabrxccuelkmta.hwcewkhn.pyfjncblextonlthe mjdjatvmfqhfbmt ttkzbu.nnecxcwnxby a pfvrzlsr ghwk.qkoqtzwefdtckoo cuabaauhs kkepns.ha sxaczefwdorblereadwnwna.kbnn.n. hcyxtfnuukjd dyabalssmehpl.jhfmor .saqdmnheadqd bqrtochan upvev..dtte hbftulcm..vxcaskoyrnolsand mimcraizztuskvp
gen: 27 fit: -217 chromo: qmskcyurlwofptno.gxaccnzax.byxccuelkota.iscewsh  dlsjnq ledtpnlthgamaplatxnfqpfbm. xhkzjp.nnecacwn.bi abcfefnltrsghwk.qqoqtrw.fdtc kosduavaauas kkapns.ha sxayzffwdoybiereazylwdaxdanb.n.fhcyxtec.a jx diabolsste.pp.jgdmor .saqdmykeacqr bqvtochcn upmev..dtse hbjtcmcmcddwcajazadnolsand mimcraiestudkue
gen: 28 fit: -217 chromo: qmskcyurlwofptno.gxaccnzax.byxccuelkota.iscewsh  dlsjnq ledtpnlthgamaplatxnfqpfbm. xhkzjp.nnecacwn.bi abcfefnltrsghwk.qqoqtrw.fdtc kosduavaauas kkapns.ha sxayzffwdoybiereazylwdaxdanb.n.fhcyxtec.a jx diabolsste.pp.jgdmor .saqdmykeacqr bqvtochcn upmev..dtse hbjtcmcmcddwcajazadnolsand mimcraiestudkue
gen: 29 fit: -216 chromo: arskcygbcwofntno.gxacdnzbxzbyxccuelkmta.hwcewihn dysjncblehton.the mlxjatxmfqpebm. ttkzbu.nnccecwnxbq abcfefnltr.gnck.qqortzwefdtj lo cuabaaubsrklepnstha sraczgfwdoqnlereadwlwdaxkbbn.n.fhmyxtfb.a oxed a omssmespl.jvfmort.faqdmnreacqdkbqrtoshov upmev..dt.e hbftuicl.ddxdajkxydvolsamd mimcraczstudkvp
gen: 30 fit: -214 chromo: qrskcpgrdxofptnolgxaocnzfx.crxctue keta.jscersh  pysjndbledtpnlthe mapjathnfqxfbm. xhczjp.nnccacwn.by abcfefzltrkghcf.qqoqtrx.fd.ckco duavaauasrkkapns.ba sha .fegdoyblereazylwdaxkanb.n. hokxten.a ox diabaysstetpldjgdeor .saqdmykeayqg bqutochkn upmmv .dt.e hvjtuace.ddxcajazadnoisamd mimcracesdudkvc
gen: 31 fit: -212 chromo: qrskcpurlxofptnolgxaocnzax.bzxccag keta.iscersh  dlsjndblextpnlthe mapjatxneqpfbm. xhczjp.nnccacwn.by abcfefnltr.ghwf.qqortrw.fd.c ko duavaauas kiapns.ba sha .fvgdoybiereazylwdaxdabb.n. hokxten.a ox dia aystte.pldjvdmor .caqdeykea qg bqutochkn upmey .dtse hbjtumcmcddwcajczadnoisamd mimcracesdudkve
gen: 32 fit: -211 chromo: qrclcyurdxofntno.gxaccnzfh.nrxctuelkooa.hscerkhs pysjnqbledtpnlthe maajathmfqxfbm. xhczjp.nnccacwn.ay bbcfefzltq.ghwf.qqoqtrx.fd.ckko duavaauas ikapns ha sxa zffgdorblerfazylwxaxkamb.n. hokxteb.a ox diadaissme.pldjgdmor .saqdmykeayqd bqvtochkn upmmv .dt.e hvjtuacecddxdujazavnoisamd mincraizstudkvc
gen: 33 fit: -209 chromo: qmslcuurlwofctnv.gxacdn vxzbrxccue kmoa.icdewsh  dysjncbledtpnlthg maolatxnfqxfbm. xhkzjp.nnecacw.xby abcfefnltr.ghck.sqortrw.fdtc ko dqadaauhs klapns.ha sxaczffwdoqbieneazylwdaxdabb.n. hcyxtfc.a jx diabamsste.pp.nvdmor .fardmykea qrkbqvsoqhkv upmey..dtse h ftclcm.ddwcajczydvolsand mimlraczsturkve
gen: 34 fit: -209 chromo: qmslcuurlwofctnv.gxacdn vxzbrxccue kmoa.icdewsh  dysjncbledtpnlthg maolatxnfqxfbm. xhkzjp.nnecacw.xby abcfefnltr.ghck.sqortrw.fdtc ko dqadaauhs klapns.ha sxaczffwhoqbieneazylwdaxdabb.n. hcyxtfc.a jx diabamsste.pp.nvdmor .fardmykea qrkbqvsoqhkv upmey..dtse h ftclcm.ddwcajczydvolsand mimlraczsturkve
gen: 35 fit: -209 chromo: qrskcpurlwofctnv.gxacdn bx.nrxccuglkmta.iroewsh  dlsjncblextonlthg mapdatxmfqxfba. xhkyjp.nnecacw.xbi abcfefnlsr.ghck.sqoqtzw.fdtc ko dqadaaubs kkapnslha sxayzefwdoqbiereazylwdaxdabb.n. hcyxtfc.a zx dia adssme.pl.nvdmor .fardmykea qrkbqvtoqhkv upmey..dtse h jtcacmcddwcajczydvolsand ninlracestudkve
gen: 36 fit: -208 chromo: qrskcpurlwofptmolgxaodnzvh.brxccue kmoa.iccewsh  dysjncdledtpnlthe maplatxnfqpfbm. xhkzjp.nnecacw.xai aacfefnltrkghck.qqortrwefdtc cosdqadaauhs klapns.hm shaczffwdoybleneazylwxaxdabb.n. hcyxtec.a jx dia aystte.pp.nvdmor .fardmnkea tdkbqusoqhkv upoey..dtse h jtuacm.adsdujazahnoisand mimlraiessurkue
gen: 37 fit: -208 chromo: arslcuurlwofntnv.gtacdnzvxzbrxccuelkmoa.isdersds dysjnqbladtpnlthe mlplathnfqhfbm. xtkzju.nnccacw.xbi a cfefzltr.ghwk.sqortzwffctc ko dvadaauhs ilapns.ha sxa zffwhoybieneazzlwdaxkabn.n.hhoyxtfn.a jx dia amsste.pp.ngdmor .cardmbkea qg bqjtoqhkn uomey..dtse fbjtclcm.ddwdajamadnolsand mimlraizstuykve
gen: 38 fit: -207 chromo: qmskcyurlwgfptnr.gxaodn ax.brxccue kpoa.iscerix  plsjncbledtpnlthe mapjatxnfqpfbe. thkzju.nnycadw.xby.b cfefnltr.gnwk.qqortru.fdtc lo dvabaauas klapmstha sxayzfhwdoyblereadylwdaxdabb.b. hmyxtfc.a jx diaaabswte.pp.nhdmor .faadmnkea td bqjsoshkv uooey .dtce hbftuacmdddxdasazydvolsand mimkraaustuqkue
gen: 39 fit: -205 chromo: qrckcyurlwofptmokgxacdn ux.bzxccue kmoa.iccewsh  pzsjnqblectonlthe maodasxnfqpfbe. xhkzju.nnecacwnxby bbcfefnltr.ghwk.qqortrw.fdtc kp duavaaubs klapnstha sxa zffwdoqblemfazzlwdaxdabb.n. hcaxtec.a jx dia aysste.pldjvdmgr .fardmykea qr bqvtoqhkn upmey..dtse h ftuace.ddxcujczavnolsand mimlraczsturkve
gen: 40 fit: -205 chromo: qmwkcuurdwofctno.gxacdn wx.bzxccuelkmoa.icdewsh  pysjndbledxpnlthe maolctxmfqpfbm. xhkzju.nnecacwnxby bbcfefnltr.ghck.qqortrw.fdto ko dqavaauhsnklapns.ha sxaczffghoqblemfazznwdaxdabb.n. hcyxtfc.a jx dia aisste.pp.jvdmor .faqdeykea sr bqjtoqhkv upmey..dtte h ftuacl.ddwcabczavnoksand mimlraczswuqkve
gen: 41 fit: -205 chromo: qrskcpurlwofntnvlgxaccn vwdbrxccue kmoa.accershs tysinc ledtonlthg maplatxmfqxfbm. whkzbp.nnecacwnxby abcfefnltr.ghak.sqortrw.fdsc kokdqabaauas ilapnstha sxaczffwdoqblereazylwxaxdabb.n. hckxtfc.aynx dia pmsste.pp.ngdmorc.fardmykea srkbqrqochkv vpmey..dtse h ftcacm.adwdabazadnolsand mimkraizsturkve
gen: 42 fit: -204 chromo: qrckcyurlxofptnbkgxacdn vw.brxccuelkmoe.accewshs tysinc ledtonltheanapdatxmfqpfbm. whkznu.nnecacwnxby abcfefnltrkghak.qqortrwefdtc kokdqavaauas ikapnslha sxa zffwdoqblenfazylwxaxdabb.n. hoyxtfc.a ox dia aysste.pp.nvdmorc.fardmykea srkbqrtochkv vpmeyz.dtse h jdulcm.ddwcubczadnolsand mimkraczsturkve
gen: 43 fit: -202 chromo: qrslcpurlwofntnvlgxaccn vxzbrxccue keoa.acdewsh  tysincbledtpnlthe mapdatxmfqxfbm. whkzjp.nnecacwnxby.a cfefnptr.ghcl sqortrw.fdsc lp dqbbaauas ilapns.ha sxa zffwdoyblereazylwxaxdqnb.n. dckxtfc.ayox dia pmsste.pp.nvdmor .fardmykea szkbqvqoyhkv vomey .dtse h ftcacm.ddwdubczydvolsand mimkraizsturkue
gen: 44 fit: -201 chromo: qaclcyurlwofntmozetaccn vx.byxccuelkpoa.icdershs dysjncbled.onlthe maodatxnfqxfbe. rhkzjp.njecacwnxri abcfefnltr.ghak.qqortrw.hd.c ko d avaavbs llapnstha sxa zffwdoqblareazzlwxbxdabb.n. hcyxtfc.a jx dia plsste.pp.jgdmor .faadmncea qr bqvtoch n upoey..dtse hbjtclcm.ddxdabcyadnolsand mimlraazsturkve
gen: 45 fit: -200 chromo: qaslcyurlwofntnvzetaccn vxzbyxccuelkpoa.acdershs tysjncbledtpnlthe maodatxnfqxfbe. whkzjp.njecacwnxbi a cfefnptr.ghcl.qqortrw.fd.c ko d abaavbs ilapns.ha sxa zffwdoqblareazylwxbxdanb.n. dckxtfc.a jx dia plsste.pp.jvdmor .faadmncea sz bqvtoyhkv vhmez..dtse hbftcacm.ddxdabczadnolsand mimlraizsturkve
gen: 46 fit: -200 chromo: qaslgyurlwofntnv.exaccn uxzbrxccue keoa.abcersh  tysincblectpnlthe mapdatxnfqpvbe. whkzjp.nnecacwnxby.abcfefnptr.ghck qqortrw.fpsc kp dqavaauas klapnstha sxa zffwdoyblereazzlwxaxdabb.n. dckxtec.a ox dia pdsste.pp.nvdmor .fardmykea szkbqvqoyhkv vpmey .dtse h ftcacm.ddxdubczydvolsand mimkraizsturkue
gen: 47 fit: -200 chromo: qaskcyurlwofntnv.exaccn vxydrwccuelcioa.iccersh  tysjncbledtpnlthe maodatxnfqxfbe. whkzju.njacacw.xri b cfefzltr.ghwl qqortrw.fdtc ko dqavaawas ikapns.ha sxa zffwhoqblereadylwdaxdabr.n.hdckx.fc.a ox dia ajsste.pp.jvdmor .faadmnkea sz bqjtoyhkv vhmez..dtcesh jtcacm.ddxdabczadvoksand eimkraizsturkue
gen: 48 fit: -198 chromo: qaskcyurlwofctnr.gxacdn vxzdrxccue kpoa.ibcewsh  tysjncblecspnlthe maodatxmfqpfbe. whkzju.nnacacw..bi.b ceefnltr.ghwk qqortrwefdtc lo dqbbaauas ikapns.ha sxa zfhwdoyblebeazylwdaxdabn.n.hdckxtvc.a ox dia ajsstedpp.nvdmor .haadmbcea sd bqvqochkv upoey .dtce h jtcacm.ddxdabczyvvolsand nimkraizsrerkue
gen: 49 fit: -198 chromo: qaskcyurlwofctnr.gxacdn vxzdrxccue kpoa.ibcewsh  tysjncblecspnlthe maodatxmfqpfbe. whkzju.nnacacw..bi.b ceefnltr.ghwk qqortrwefdtc lo dqbbaauas ikapns.ha sxa zfhwdoyblebeazylwdaxdabn.n.hdckxtvc.a ox dia ajsstedpp.nvdmor .haadmbcea sd bqvqochkv upoey .dtce h jtcacm.ddxdabczyvvolsand nimkraizsrerkue
gen: 50 fit: -197 chromo: qrslcyurlvofptnr.gxaccn vx drtccueckmob.acceqsh  tysjnc lecton.the maodatxnfqxfam. whkzjpxnnecacwn.ri a cfffzltr.gnwk.sqortrw.fdtc lm duabaaufs kkapnstha sxaczfhwhoybieruazypwdaxdabb.n. fckxtfc a jx dia ajsstedpp nvdmory.fardmbkea qd bqvtoyhkv upmei..dtse h ftcace.ddwdubcxarvoksand niocraizsterkve
gen: 51 fit: -196 chromo: qaskcpurlwofmtnvlgxacdj vxydrxccueckioa.iscewshs tysjncbledtonlthe mapdatxnfqpfam. xhczju.nnecasw.xry a cfefnltr.ghwklsqortru.fdtc lo dqavaaufs ilapnstha sxa zffwdoqbleneadylwdaxdanr.n. dckxten.a zx dia aysste.pp.nvdmor .fardmnkga srkbujtoyhkn vpmez..dtce h ftqace.ddxdabdzydnolsand mimlraizssuqkue
gen: 52 fit: -196 chromo: qaskcpurlwofmtnvlgxacdj vxydrxccueckioa.iscewshs tysjncbledtonlthe mapdatxnfqpfam. xhczju.nnecasw.xry a cfefnltr.ghwklsqortru.fdtc lo dqavaaufs ilapnstha sxa zffwdoqbleneadylwdaxdanr.n. dckxten.a zx dia aysste.pp.nvdmor .fardmnkga srkbujtoyhkn vpmez..dtce h ftqace.ddxdabdzydnolsand iimlraizssuqkue
gen: 53 fit: -196 chromo: qaslcyurlwofntnr.gxacdn vx drxscue kpoa.ascewsh  tysjndblecsonlthe mapdatxmfqxfbm. whkzjpxnjecacwn.bi.b cfffnltr.ghck qqortrwefdtc ko dqavaauhs ilapnstha sxa zfhwdoyblebuazypwdaxdabb.n.hhckxtvc.b ox dia aystte.pp.nvdmory.haadmbcea sd bqvqoyhkv vpmey .dtce h jtcacm.ddxdabczyvvolsand nimkraizsturkue
gen: 54 fit: -193 chromo: umwlcdurlwofntnr.gxaccn vx dbxccueckiob.icceqsh  tysjncblectpn.the mapdetxmfyxfae. whkzjpxnlecasw..ri.b cfefnptr.gngl qqortrw.fdtc lo duabaauas ikapnstha sxa zfhwdoubieruazylwdaxdabb.n. fckxtfc.a jx hia ajsste.pp nvdmor .eardmbcea sz.bqvtoyhkv vhoez..dtse h jtcace.ddxdubczadvoksand nimlraizsruykve
gen: 55 fit: -193 chromo: urskdyqrlwofptnr.gxaccn vxzdrxccue kioa.icdewsh  tysjncblec.on.the.maodatxmfqxfbm. whkrju.nnecacw..ry asceffzltr.ghwk sqortrwefdtc ko dqbvaaeas ikapns.ha sxa bfhwdoyblereazylwdaxccbb.n. fckxtfc.a gx dia hdsste.pl nvdmor .fardmbkea sd bqbtoyhkv vooez..dtse hyftcaco.ddwdabgzyvxolsand mimlraizsruzkve
gen: 56 fit: -192 chromo: qmwlcdurlwofntnr gxbccn vx drxccueckpob.isceqsh  tysjncblectpn.the maodatxmfyhfam. xhkzjpxnlecasw..ri bscfefnjtr.gnck qqortrw.fdtc lo dqabaauas ikapnstha sxa zffwdoublereazypwxaxdabb.n. fckxtfc.a jx dia ajsste.pp nvdmor .eaqdmbcea sz.bqvtoyhkv vpoez..dtse h jtdace.ddxdabczadvoksand ekmlraczsruykve
gen: 57 fit: -191 chromo: uaslcyurlwofmtnr.gxaccn vxldrxccua kioa.abcewth  tysjncblecsonlthe eapdetxnfyxfbm. whkzjuxnnecacwn ri.b cfffzltr.ghcl sqortrwefdsc lo duabaauas kkapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervazypwdaxdabb.n. fckwtvc.a jx die ajsste.pp nvdmori.hardmbcea sd.bqvtoyhkv upmez..dtce h jtcace.ddxdubczarvolsand nimcraizsruykve
gen: 58 fit: -191 chromo: uaslcyurlwofmtnr.gxaccn vxldrxccua kioa.abcewth  tysjncblecsonlthe eapdetxnfyxfbm. whkzjuxnnecacwn ri.b cfffzltr.ghcl sqortrwefdsc lo duabaauas kkapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervazypwdaxdabb.n. fckwtvc.a jx die ajsste.pp nvdmori.hardmbsea sd.bqvtoyhkv upmez..dtce h jtcace.ddxdubczarvolsand nimcraizsruykve
gen: 59 fit: -191 chromo: umskcdurlwofntnr.wxacdn vx crxccueckioa.icceqshk tysjncblectpn.the mapdatxnfyxfbe. whozjpxnnecaswnxry.bscfffnptr.ghwk qqortzwffdtc lo duavaauas ikapnstha sxa zfhwdoublereazylgxexcabn.n. fckxtfc.a ox dia aisste.pp nvdmor .eerdmbkea sdkbqvtoyhkv vpoez..dtse hyftqace.dcxdubczyvvolscnd nimlraczsruykue
gen: 60 fit: -191 chromo: qrslcyurlwofmtmr.gxaccn vx dbdccueckiob.acdeqsh  tysjncblecton.the mipdetxnfupfae. whkzjpxnjecatwnxqy.a chffzltr.gngl qqortrwffdtc lo dqabaauaw kkapnstha sxa zfhudoubiereazylwxaxdabn.n. dokxtfcsa ox dia aisstedpp nvdmory.faadobkea sc.bqvtoyhkv upmez .dtse h jtdace.ddxdwbczadxolsand nimlram.sturkue
gen: 61 fit: -190 chromo: uaslcyurlwofmtnr.gxaccn vx drdccueckiob.abdewsh ktysjncblecton.the mipdetxnfyxfam. whkzjpxnnecacwnxqy.a cfffzltr.gncl sqortrwefdtc lo dqabaauaw kkapnstha sxa zfhwdoublereazypwxaxdabn.n. fckwtfc.a jx die ajsste.pp nvdmori.fardmbkea sd.bqvtoyhkv upme.z.dtse h jtcace.ddxdubczcrxolsand nimlraizsruykue
gen: 62 fit: -188 chromo: umwlcyurlwofytnr.wxacdn vx drxccue kioa.asceqsdk tysjncblectonlthe maodatxnfqxfbe. whozjuxnbecacwnxry.bscfffnltr.ghwk sqortzwefdtc lo dqaraauas ikapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervazypwxaxcabf.n. fckwtfc.b ox die aisste.pp nvdmor .emrdmbkea sd.bqvtoyhkv vpmez..dtse hyftqace.ddxdubczyvvolsand nimoraczsruykue
gen: 63 fit: -188 chromo: umwlcyurkwofytnr.wxacdn vx drxccue kioa.asceqsdk tysjncblectonlthe maodatxnfqxfbe. whozjuxnbecacwnxry.bscfffnltr.ghwk sqortzwefdtc lo dqareauas ikapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervazypwxaxcabf.n. fckwtfc.b ox die aisste.pp nvdmor .emrdmbkea sd.bqvtoyhkv vpmez..dtse hyftqace.ddxdubczyvvolsand nimoraczsruykue
gen: 64 fit: -188 chromo: uaslcyurlwofytnr.wxacdn vx drxccua kioa.asdeqsdk tysjncblecsonlthe miodatxnfyxfbe. whobjuxnnecacwnxri.b cfffpltr.ghwl sqortrwefdtc ko dqabaauas ikapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervazypwxaxcabf.n. fckwtfc.b jx die aisste.pp nvdmori.eardmbkea sd.jqvtoyhkv vpoez..ctce hyftdace.ddxdubgzavvolsand nimlracbsruykve
gen: 65 fit: -188 chromo: urwkcyurlwofntmr.exaccn vx drdccueckiob.abdeqsh  tysjncbledtpn.the mipdetdnfqpfam. whkzjuxnjecatw.xry.a cfffzltr.gngl yqortrwefstc lo dqaaaauas ikapnstha sxa zfhwdoublereazylwxaxdabn.n. fckxtfcza oxsdie gjsste.pp nvdmori.fcrdobsea sd.bqjtoyhkv vpmezz.dtse h jtdace.ddxdabczybvolsand nimjraizsrurkue
gen: 66 fit: -186 chromo: umwlcyurlwofptnr.wxaccn vx .bxccue kioa.asceqsdk tysjnoblectpntthe miodetxnfuxfam. whozjpxnbecatwnxry.bscffvzltr.gnwl sqortrwefstc lo dqaraauas ikbpnstha sxa zfhwdoubleqvazypwxaxdabn.n. fckwtfc.a ox die hjsste.np nvdmor .faadobkea sd.bqvtoyhkv vpmezz.dtse h etqace.ddxdubczadvolsand nimoraczsruykue
gen: 67 fit: -186 chromo: uawlcyurlsofptnr.wxaccn vx dbdccue kiob.ascewsd  tysjnoblectontthe miodetxnfuxfam. whozjpxnbgcatgnxry.b cfffzltr.gnwl yqortrwefdtc lo dqabaavaw ikapnstha sxa zfhwdoublereazypwxaxdabn.n. fckxtfc.a ox die hjsste.pp nvdmori.faadmbkea sd.bqvtoyhkv upmei..dtse h jtqace.ddxdabczadvolsand nimlraizsruykue
gen: 68 fit: -185 chromo: uaclcyurlwofptnr.exyccn vx drdccueckior.ascewshk tysjnoblecton.the miodetxnfuxfam. whozjpxnnecatwnxry.ascfffzltr.gncl sqortrwefstc lo dqabaauas ikapnsthb sxa zfhwdoublereazypwxaxdabn.n. fcowtfc.a ox diekaysste.np nvdmori.fardmbkea sd.bqvto hkv upmez..dtse h etqace.ddxdubczcdvolsand nimoraczsruykee
gen: 69 fit: -185 chromo: uaclcyurlwofptnr.exyccn vx drdccueckior.ascewshk tysjnoblecton.the miodetxnfuxfam. whozjpxnnecatwnxry.ascfffzltr.gncl sqortrwefstc lo dqabaauas ikapnsthb sxa zfhwdoublereazypwxaxdabn.n. fcowtnc.a ox diekaysste.np nvdmori.fardmbkea sd.bqvto hkv upmez..dtse h etqace.ddxdubczcdvolsand nimoraczsruykee
gen: 70 fit: -185 chromo: uas.cyurlwofntnr.wxaccn vx drdccue kiob.a cersh  tysjnoblectontthe miodetxnvuxfam. whkzjpxnbecaswnxry.d ceffnltr.gnwl yqortrwefdtc lo duabiavaw kkapnstha swa zfhwdoublereazypwxaxdabn.n. fckxtfc.a jx die hysstedpp nvdmori.fardabkea sd.bqvto hkv vdmez..dtse h jtqace.ddxdubczadvolsand nimlrac.sruzkue
gen: 71 fit: -182 chromo: uawlcyurlwofytnr.exyccn vx .jdccue kiob.asdeqsd  tysjnoblectontthe mindatxnfuxfbe. whozjpxnbecatgnxry.bscfffzlsr.ghwlssqortzwefdtc lo .qabeauas kkapnsthb sxa zfhwdoublervazynwxaxcanf.n. fckwtfc.b ox die hjsste.pp nvdmori.eabdmbkea sd.bqvto hkv upmei..dtse h jtqace.ddhdcbczyrvolsand nimoraczsruykue
gen: 72 fit: -182 chromo: uawlcyurlwofytnr.exyccn vx .jdccue kiob.asdeqsd  tysjnoblectontthe mindatxnfuxfbe. whozjpxnbecatgnxry.bscfffzlsr.ghwlssqortzwefdtc lo .qabeauas kkapnsthb sxa zfhwdoublervazynwxaxcanf.n. fckwtfc.b ox die hjsste.pp nvdmori.eabdmbkea sd.bqvto hkv upmei..dtse h jtqace.ddhdcbczyrvolsand nimoraczsruykue
gen: 73 fit: -182 chromo: uawlcyurlwofytnr.exyccn vx .jdccue kiob.asdeqsd  tysjnoblectontthe mindatxnfuxfbe. whozjpxnbecatgnxry.bscfffzlsr.ghwlssqortzwefdtc lo .qabeauas kkapnsthb sxa zfhwdoublervazynwxaxcanf.n. fckwtfc.b ox die hjsste.pp nvdmori.eabdmbkea sd.bqvto hkv upmei..dtse h jtqace.ddhdcbczyrvolsand nimoraczsruykue
gen: 74 fit: -182 chromo: uawlcyurlwofytnr.exyccn vx .jdccue kiob.asdeqsd  tysjnoblectontthe mindatxnfuxfbe. whozjpxnbecatgnxry.bscfffzlsr.ghwlssqortzwefdtc lo .qabeauas kkapnsthb sxa zfhwdoublervazynwxaxcanf.n. fckwtfc.b ox die hjsste.pp nvdmori.eabdmbkea sd.bqvto hkv upmei..dtse h jtqace.ddhdcbczyrvolsand nimoraczsruykue
gen: 75 fit: -182 chromo: uawlcyurlwofytnr.exyccn vx .jdccue kiob.asdeqsd  tysjnoblectontthe mindatxnfuxfbe. whozjpxnbecatgnxry.bscfffzlsr.ghwlssqortzwefdtc lo .qabeauas kkapnsthb sxa zfhwdoublervazynwxaxcanf.n. fckwtfc.b ox die hjsste.pp nvdmori.eabdmbkea sd.bqvto hkv upmei..dtse h jtqace.ddhdcbczyrvolsand nimoraczsruykue
gen: 76 fit: -182 chromo: uawlayurlgofytnr.exyccn vx .jdccueskiob.a deusd  ty.jncblectonkthe miodatxnvuxfam. whozjpxnnecacwnxry.fscfffzltr.gfckssqortzwefdtc lo dqabaauas kkapnstha sxa zfhwdoublereazypwxaxdann.n  fckwtfc.a ox die hjsste.pp nvdmori.eardmbkea sd.bqvto gkv vomeit.dtse h et ace.ddhdcbszarvolsand nkmjraczsbuykue
gen: 77 fit: -180 chromo: uawlcyurlwgfytnr.exyccn vt drwcdue kioa.ascersh  tysjnoblectonlthe mindetxnvuxfbm. whozjpxnnfcacwnxry.bscfffzltr.gnwlssqortzwefdtc ko dqabeavas kkapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervazypwxrxdanm.n. fckwtfc.b ox die hjssxe.pp nvdmori.najdobkea sd bqvto hkv upmeiz.dtse h escace.dxhdubczarvolsand naeorac.sruykue
gen: 78 fit: -180 chromo: qawlcdurlwofntnr.exyccn vt  rpckueckioa.iscewsck tysjnoblecsonlthe mindetxnbuxfbm. whkzjpxnbecakgbxry.dscfffzltrdgnwlssqortzwefdtw lo dqabeauas ikapnstha sda zfhwdoublervazypwxaxdanmlj. fcixtfc.b ox die aj stedpp nvdmori.eardmbkea sd.bqvto hkf upmez..dtse h.etqake.xdxdabczyvvolsand namlraczsruykua
gen: 79 fit: -179 chromo: qawlgyurlwofntnr.exaccn vt  rpccue kioa.isceusck tysjnoblecton.the mindetdnbuxfbm. whkzjpxnnecacwbxry.bscfffzltr.gnwlssqortzwefdtc ko dqabeauas kkapnstha sda bfhwdoublervazypwxaxdanmln. fckwtfc.a ox die ajsste.pp nvdmori.eabdobkea sd.bqvto hkf upmez..dtse h.etcace.dxhdabczabvolsand nanlraczsruykue
gen: 80 fit: -179 chromo: qawlcyurdwofmtnrlexyccn ut dbdccue liob.awcertd  tysjnoblecton.the mindetxnfuxfam. whkzjpxnfecatwnxry.bscfffzjtr.ghclssqortzwendtw lo daqbaavas okann tha sxa zffwdoublervazypuwaxdabn.n. fckwtfc.a jx die gissxe.pp nvdmori.fardobkea sd.bqvto hkv vpmei..dtse h etcacf.dxhdcbczadvolsand nimlray.srurkue
gen: 81 fit: -178 chromo: qawlcdurlwofytnr exaccf vt .jddcueslioa.iwceush  tysjn blectondthe mindetdnvuxfam. whkzjpxnbecacwnxry.bscfffzltr.gnwlssqortzwefstc ko dqabaauas kkapnstha sxa nfhwdoublervazypuxaxdanm.n. fckwtfc.a ox die ajsste.pp nvdmori.eabdobkea sd.bqvto hkf upmez..dtse h etcace.ddhdybczarvolsand namlraczsruzkue
gen: 82 fit: -177 chromo: uawlcyurlwofytnr.exyccn ut .jdccuesliob.awceu d  tysjnoblectonkthe mindatxnvuxfam. whkzjpxnamcatwnxry.ascfffnltr.ghclswqortrwendtw lo daabaavas olapnstha sxa zffwdoublervazypwxaxdbnn.n. fckwtfc.a ox die gisste.pp nvdmori.eardobkea sd.bqvto hkv vpmei..dtse h ztcacf.ddhdcbszyrvolsand nkmjraczsrurkue
gen: 83 fit: -177 chromo: qawlcdurlwofntnr.exaccn vt .rdccueskiob.awdeushk tysjnoblectonlthe mindetxnbuxfbm. whobjuxnnecatwbxry.asaeffnltr.ghwlssqortrwefdtc ko daabaavas kkapnstha sxa bfhwdoublereazypuxaxdann.n .fwkwtna.b ox die ajsste.pp nvdmor .eardobkea sd.bqvto hif vpmei..dtse h.jtcace.pxhdebczadvolsand namlrac.srurkue
gen: 84 fit: -177 chromo: qawlcyurdwofmtnrlexaccn vt .jddcueslioa.iwcersd  tysjnoblecton.the mindetdpfuxfam. whkzjwwnaecacwjxrylbscfffzltr.gnhlssqortzwendtw ko daqbaauas ioapnstha sxa zffwcoublervazypuwaxcann.n. fckwtfc.b ox dme hissxe.pp nvdmorj.nabdobkea sd.bqvto hkv vpmez..dtse h escace.dxhdcbczadvolsand nanlraczsrurkue
gen: 85 fit: -177 chromo: uawlcyurlwofytnr.exyccn ut tjdccuesliob.awceu d  tysjnoblectonkthe mindatxnvuxfam. whkzjpxnamcatwnxry.ascfffnltr.ghclswqortrwendtw lo daabaavas olapnsrha sxa zffcdoublervazypwxaxdbbn.n. fckwtfc.a ox die gisste.pp nvdmori.eardobkea sd.bqvto hkv vpmei..dtse h rtcacf.ddgdcbszyrvolsand nkmjrakzsrurkue
gen: 86 fit: -177 chromo: qawlgdurlwofntnr.exaccn vt  jdccueskiob.awdeu d  tysjnoblectonlthe mindgtxnvuxfrp. whozjpxnbecacwbxry.asafffzltr.ghwlssqortrwefdsc co daabaavas kkapnstha sxa bfhwdoublervazypwxaxdbmn.n. fckwtfa.a ox die gisste.pp nvdmori.eabtobkea sd.bqvto hkf vpmez..dtse h.ztcace.pxhdabczarvolsand namlraczsruykue
gen: 87 fit: -177 chromo: qawlczurlwofmtnrlexaccn vt drdccuesliob.awcertd  tysjnoblecton.the.mindetxnvuxfam. whkzjpxnnecatwnxry.asceffzltr.ghwlssqortzwefdtw ko daabaavas okapnstha sxa bfhwdoubleqeazypuxaxhann.n  fwkwtna.b jx die aisste.pp nvdmori.nardobkea sd.bqvto hif vpmei..dtse h.jtcace.dxhdabczadvolsand naeorac.sruzkue
gen: 88 fit: -177 chromo: uawlcqurlwofmtnr.exaccn vt trdccuesliob.awcer d  tysjnoblecton.the.mindatxnvuxfam. whkzjpxnaecatwnxry.ascfffzltr.ehwlssqortzwefdtw lo daabaavas okapnstha sxa zfhcdoublereazyputaxhann.n. fwkwtna.b jx die gisste.pp nvdmori.eardobkea sdzbqvto hif vpmei..dtse h rtcace.dxgdcbszarvolsand namorak.sruzkwe
gen: 89 fit: -176 chromo: uawlcdurdwofmtnrlexaccn vt tbdccueskiob.awdeztd  tysjnoblectgnkthe oindatxnvuxfam. whkzjpxnfecatwnxry.bscfffzltr.ghwlssqortzwefxtc lo daabaavas kkapnstha sxa nfhwdoublervazypuwaxdbmn.n. fckwtfd.a jx die gissxe.pp nvdmori.eardobkea sd.aqvto hkv upmeiz.dtse h.ztcacf.ddgdcbczarvolsand namorakzstuykue
gen: 90 fit: -176 chromo: uawlgdurlwofntnrlexaccn vt tjdccuesliob.awcezsd  tysjnoblecsonlthe mindatxnvuxfzm. whkzjpxnamcatwnxry.ascfffz.tr.ghclssqortrwefdsw co daabaavas kkapnstha sxa bfhwdoublervazypwwaxdamn.n. fckwtfa.a ox die gissxe.pp nvdmori.eartoboea sd.bqvto hkf vpmei..dtse h rtcace.pdgdcbczavuolsand namlraczsruykue
gen: 91 fit: -176 chromo: qawlcburlwofytnr.edyccn vt tjcccuesliob.awceutd  tysjnoblecton.the mindetdnvuxfzm. whpzjpxnbecacwbxry.asafffzbtr.ghclswqortzwefdsw ko dyabaavas ocapnstha sxa zmewdoublervazypuxaxcann.n. eckwtna.a ox lie gitste.pp nvdmori.eardobkea sd.bqvto hkf vpmeiz.dtse h rtcace.dxgdcbczatvolsand namlrac.srurkue
gen: 92 fit: -176 chromo: uawlcdurkwofytnr.exacsn vt trdccuesliob.awdeztdk tysjnoblectonkthe oindetxnvuxfam. whkzjpxnnecatwnxry bscfffzltr.ghwlssqortzwefdtc lo daabaavas kkapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervayypxwaxdbmn.n. fckwtfc.v bx die ajsste.pp nvdmor .eardobkea sd.aqvto hkv vpmei..dtse h ztcacm.dxgdcbczarvolsand namorakzstuykue
gen: 93 fit: -175 chromo: yaw.cburlwofytnr.exaccn vt tjdccueslioa.awdeusd  tyslnoblectonlthe mindetxmvuxfzm. whkzjpxnmmcatwnxry.asafffnltr.ghclssqortrwendtc lo daafabvas ocapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervazypwxaxdanm.n. eckwtfa.a ox die gissxe.pp nvdmori.eardobkea sd.bqvto hkf vomei..dtse h ascacf.ddgdcbczyrvoksand namlreczsrurkue
gen: 94 fit: -175 chromo: uawlcyurlwofntnr.exaccn ut trdccueslioa.awcet c  tysjnoblecton.theymindatxnvuxfam. whozjuxnbe aswnhry.ascefhnltr.ghwlssqortzwefdtw lo daabaavas kkapnstha sxa zffwdoublereazydwwaxdbnn.n  fckwtfc.a jx tie gisste.pp nvdmori.eardobkea sd bqvto hib vpmei...tse h rtdacf.pxhdabczadvklsand namoralzsrurkug
gen: 95 fit: -174 chromo: uawlcyurlwofytnr.exaccn vt tjdccueskiob.awdez dk tysjnoblecton.the mindgtxnvuxfzm. whkzjuxnbecatwnxry.bsaffezltr.ghwlssqortrwefdtc lo daabaavas kcapnstha sxa nmhwdoublervazypucaxdann.n. ewkwtfc.a ox die aitste.pp nvdmori.eardobkea sd.bqvto gkf upmeid.dtse h rtcace.pxgdcbczyrvolsand namjrakzsruykue
gen: 96 fit: -174 chromo: uawlcdurlwofmtnr.exaccn ut trdccuesliob.awdeusd  tysjnoblecxondthe mindatxnvuxfam  whkzjpxnfe atwbxry.ascefhnltr.ghclswqortrwefdtc lo daabaavas ocapnstha sxa zfhcdoublervazypwwaxdbnn.n  fckwtfc.a ox die gissxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkea sd.bqvto hkv vpmei..dtse h rtdacf.dxhdcbcbyrvolsand namlralzsrurkue
gen: 97 fit: -171 chromo: uywlaywrlwofmtnr.exaccn vt tjdccuesliob.iwdeusd  tysjnoblecton the mindatxnvuxfam. whizjpxnae atwnxry.asafffnltr.gholswqortrwefdtw lo daabaavas ocapnstha sxa zfhcdoublervazypuwaxdanp.n. eckwtfa.a ox die aitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkea sc.bqvto hkv vpmeid.dtse h rtdacf.dxhdcbczarvolsand nomlraczsrurkue
gen: 98 fit: -171 chromo: uywlaywrlwofmtnr.exaccn vt tjdccuesliob.iwdeusd  tysjnoblecton the mindatxnvuxfam. whizjpxnae atwnxry.asafffnltr.gholswqortrwefdtw lo daabaavas ocapnstha sxa zfhcdoublervazypuwaxdanp.n. eckwtfa.a ox die aitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkea sc.bqvto hkv vpmeid.dtse h rtdacf.dxhdcbczarvolsand nomlraczsrurkue
gen: 99 fit: -171 chromo: uawlcyurlwofmtnr.exaccn vt tjdccuesliob.iwdetsc  tysjnoblectkndtxe mindatxnvuxfam. whizlpxnbe atwnhry.cscfffnltr.gholssqortrwefdtw lo daabaavas kcapnstha sxa zffwdoublereazyduwaxdbnn.n. eclwtba.a ox die aitste.pp nvdmori.eardobkea sc.jqvto hkv vpmeid.dtse h rtdacm.pxhdcbczarvolsand namnrac.srurkue
gen: 100 fit: -171 chromo: uawlcyurlwofmtnr.exaccn vt tjdccuesliob.iwdetsc  tysjnoblectkndtxe mindatxnvuxfam. whizlpxnbe atwnhry.cscfffnltr.gholssqortrwefdtw lo daabaavas kcapnstha sxa zffwdoublereazyduwaxdbnn.n. eclwtba.a ox die aitste.pp nvdmori.eardobkea sc.jqvto hkv vpmeid.dtse h rtdacm.pxhdcbczarvolsand namnrac.srurkue
gen: 101 fit: -170 chromo: uywlaywrlwofmtnr.exaccn vt tjdccuesliob.awdeusd  tysjmoblecton the mindatxnvuxfam. whkzjpxnaecatwnxry.asavffnltr.gholssqortrwendtc lo daabaavas ocapnstha sxa zfhcloublervazypwwaxdbnp.n. eckwtfa.a ox die aitsxe.pp nvdmob .eardobkea scdbqvto hkv vpmeid.dtse h rrdacf.pxhdcbdzatvoksand namlralzsrurkue
gen: 102 fit: -169 chromo: uywlaywrlwofmtnr.exaccn vt tjdscuesliob.awceesd  tysjmoblecton the mindatxnvuxfam. whkzjpxnae atwbxry.assfffnltr.gholssqortrwendtc lo daabaavas ocapnstha sxa zfhcloublervazypuwaxdanp.n. eckwtfa.a ox die aitste pp nvdmor .eardobkea scdbqvto hkv vpmei..dtse h rrdacf.pxhdcbdzatvolsand namlralzsrurkue
gen: 103 fit: -169 chromo: uywlaywrlwofmtnr.exaccn vt tjdccuesliob.awdeusd  tysjnoblecton txe mindatxnvuxfam. whkzlpxnme atwbxry.astfffnltr.gxolssqortrwefdtc lo daabaavas kcapfstha sxa zfhcdoublervazypuwatdbnp.n. eckwtfa.a ox die aitste.pp nvdmori.eardobkea scdbqvto hkv vpmeid.dtse h.rrdacm.pxhdcbczatvolsand namlralzsrerkue
gen: 104 fit: -169 chromo: uawlaywrlwofmtnr.exaccn vt tjdccuesliob.iwdeusc  tysjnoblecton the mindetxnvuxfzm. whizbpxnbe atwbxry.asafffnltr.gholssqortrwendsw lo daabaavas ocapnstha sxa zfhcdoublervazydwwaxdbnp.n. eckwtfa.a ox die aitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkea sc fqvto hkf vpmeid.dtse h rrcacf.pxhdcbczarvolsand namnrakzsrurkue
gen: 105 fit: -169 chromo: uawlaywrlwofmtnr.exaccn vt tjdsguesliob.awpeusd  tysjnoblecxondthe mindatxnvuxfam. whkzjpxnbe atwbhry.assfffnltr.gholssqortrwendtc lo daafaavas ocapnstha sxa zfhcloublervazydwuaxdann.n. eckwtfc.a ox die gisste pp nvdmor .eardobkea sd.bqvto hkv vpmei..dtse h rrxacf.pxhdcbdzatvolsand namoral.sruakue
gen: 106 fit: -168 chromo: uywlayurlwofmtnr.fxaccn vt tjdscuesliob.awcetsc  tysjnobleaton the mindatxnvuxfam. whkzjpxnae atwmxry.assfffnltr.gholssqortrwendtc lo daafaavas ocapnstha sxa zfhcdoublervayypuuaxdanp.n. eckwtfa.a ox die aitste pp nvdmor .eardobkea scdbqvto hkv vpmeid.dtse h rtdacm.pxhdcbdzatvolsand namlralzsrurkuf
gen: 107 fit: -168 chromo: uaxjazwrlwofmtnr.exmccn vr tjdscuesliob.jwceusb  tysjnoblectin the mindatxnvuxfjm. whizlpxnbr atwntry.assfffnltr.gholssqortrwefdsc lo caabaavas oaapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervazydwxaxdann.n. eckwtfa.a ov die aitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkea sd.bqvto hkv vomeid.dtse h rtcacm.ddhdcbczarvolsand namlral.sruzkue
gen: 108 fit: -168 chromo: uawlcywrlwofmtnr.exaccn vt tjdcguespiob.awpgttd stysjnoblecton the mindatxnvuxfam. ghizlpxnze atwnhry.asafffnltr.gholssqortrwefdtw .o daabaavas okapnstha sxa zffcdoublervazypwuaxdbin.n. eckwtbc.a ox die gisste pp nvdmor .eardobkea scdbqvto hkv vpmeid.dtse h rrcacf.pxhdcbczatvolsand namlral.srurkue
gen: 109 fit: -166 chromo: eywjcywrlwofmtnr.exaccn vt tjdccuesliob.awdeusb  tysznoblecxin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjpxnae atwbxry.assfffnltr.gholssqortrwef.tc lo daabaaras kdapnstha sxa zfhwloublervazydwwaxcann.n. eclwtfa.a ox die aisste.pp nvdmor .eardobkea sc.bqvto hkv vpmeid.dtse h rrcacfzpxhdcbczarvolsand namlral.sruykue
gen: 110 fit: -166 chromo: eywjcywrlwofmtnr.exaccn vt tjdccuesliob.awdeusb  tysznoblecxin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjpxnae atwbxry.assfffnltr.gholssqortrwev.tc lo daabaaras kdapnstha sxa zfhwloublervazydwwaxcann.n. eclwtfa.a ox die aisste.pp nvdmor .eardobkea sc.bqvto hkv vpmeid.dtse h rrcacfzpxhdcbczarvolsand namlral.sruykue
gen: 111 fit: -166 chromo: eywjcywrlwofmtnr.exaccn vt tjdcgueslioa.awpgusd  tysznoblectin the mindetxnvuxfam. whizjpxnze atwbhry.asafffnltr.gholswqortrweedtc lo daabaaras okapnstha sxa zffwdoublervazypwuaxdann.n. eclwtbc.a ox die aisste pp nvdmor .fardobkea scdbqvto hkf vomeid.dtse h rrcacf.pxhdcbczatvolsand namoral.srurkue
gen: 112 fit: -166 chromo: eywja wrlwofmtnr.exaccn vt tjdccuesliob.awpeusc  tysjnoblecton the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjpxnbe atwbxry.cscfffnltr.gholssqortrwef.tcklo daafaaras kcapnstha sxa zfhwloublervazydwuaxdanp.n. eckwtfa.a ox die aisste pp nvdmor .eardobkea sc.bqvto hkf vpmeid.dtse h rrcacf.pxhdcbczatvolsand namoral.srurkuf
gen: 113 fit: -166 chromo: eywja wrlwofmtnr.exaccn vt tjdccuesliob.awpeusc  tysjnoblecton the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjpxnbe atwbxry.cscfffnltr.gholssqortrwef.tcklo daafaaras kcapnstha sxa zfhwloublervazydwuaxdanp.n. eckwtfa.a ox die aisste pp nvdmor .eardobkea sc.bqvto hkf vpmeid.dtse h rrcacf.pxhdcbczatvolsand namoral.srurkuf
gen: 114 fit: -165 chromo: eywja wrlwofmtnr.exaccn vt tjdccuesliob.awdeusc  tysjnoblectin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjpxnae.atwbxry.assfffnltr.gholssqortrwef.tc lo daafaaras kdapnstha sxa zfhwloublervazydwuaxdanp.n. eckwtfa.a ox die aisste pp nvdmor .eardobkea sc.bqvto hkf vnmeid.dtse h rrcacf.pxhdcbczatvolsand namoral.sruykuf
gen: 115 fit: -165 chromo: eywjc wvlwofmtnr.exmccn vs tjdccuesliob.awdeu b  tzsznoblectin the mindetxnvuxfam. whkzjpxnae atwbxry.assfffnltr.gholssqortrwen.tc lo daabaaras odapnstha sxa zfhwloublervazypgwaxcbnn.n. eckwtfa.c ox die aisste.pp pvdmor .eardpbkea sc.bqvto hkf vpmeid.dtse h rrcacf.pdhdcbczatvolsand namlral.sruykue
gen: 116 fit: -165 chromo: eywjc wvlwofmtnr.exmccn vs tjdccuesliob.awdeu b  tzsznoblectin the mindetxnvuxfam. whkzjpxnae atwbxry.assfffnltr.gholssqortrwen.tc lo daabaaras odapnstha sxa zfhwloublervazypgwaxcbnn.n. eckwtfa.c ox die aisste.pp pvdmor .eardpbkea sc.bqvto hkf vpmeid.dtse h rrcacf.pdhdcbczatvolsand namlral.sruykue
gen: 117 fit: -165 chromo: eywjcywrlwofmtnr.exaccn vt tjdccuesliob.awcetsb  tysznobledxin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjpxnae atwbxry.assffffltr.gholssqortrwee.tc lo daabaaras kdaonstha sxa zfhwloublervazypwwaxcannzn. eclwtfaca ox die aisste.pp nvdmor .eardobkea sc.jqvto hkv vpmeid.dtse h rrcacfzpxhdcbczarvolsand namlral.sruykue
gen: 118 fit: -165 chromo: uawjcywrlwofmtnr.exaccn xs tjdccueslikb.awdetsb  tisznoblecxon the mindatxnvuxfan. ghkzjhxnae atwbhry.assfffnltr.gholssqortrwevxtw lo daafaafas okapnstha sxa zffwdoublervayyxwwaxlanp.n. eclwtfy.a px die gitste pp nvdmor .eardob ea sc.bqvto h v vpmeid.ctse h rrcacfzpxhdcbczatvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 119 fit: -165 chromo: uawla wrlwofmtnr.exaccn vs tjdcguesliob.awdevsb  tysjnoblecdin the mindatxnvuxfan. whkzjphnae atwbxry.assfffnltr.gholssqortrwefdtw lo daafearcs okapnstha sxa zfhwjoublervazyxwuaxcajn.n. ecpwtfy.a ox die aisste.pp nvdmor .eardobkea sc.bqvto hkf vpmeid.dtse h rrcacfzpxhccbczaxvolsand namlral.srurkue
gen: 120 fit: -163 chromo: uawlc wrlwofmtnr.exaccn vs tjdccuesliob.awdevsb  tisjnoblectin the mindatxnvuxfan. whkzjhhnae atwbhry.assfffnltrzgholssqortrwevdtw lo daafaarcs okapnstha sxa zffwdoublervazyxwuaxcajn.n. ecnwtfy.a px die gisste pp nvdmor .eardob ea sc.bqvto h v vpmeid.dtse h rrcacfzpxhccbczatvolsand namlral.srurkue
gen: 121 fit: -162 chromo: uawjcywrlwofmtnr.exaccn vs tjdccuesliob.awcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjhxnae atwbhry.assffffltr.gholssqortrwevxtw lo daefaaras okapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervayypwwaxlanp.n. eclwtfyca px die gitste.pp nvdmor .eardob ea sc.jqvto h v vpmeid.dtse h rrcacfzpxhdcbczatvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 122 fit: -162 chromo: uawjcywrlwofmtnr.exaccn vs tjdccuesliob.awcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjhxnae atwbhry.assffffltr.gholssqortrwevxtw lo daefaaras okapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervayypwwaxlanp.n. eclwtfyca px die gitste.pp nvdmor .eardob ea sc.jqvto h v vpmeid.dtse h rrcacfzpxhdcbczatvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 123 fit: -162 chromo: uawjcywrlwofmtnr.exaccn vs tjdccuesliob.awcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjhxnae atwbhry.assffffltr.gholssqortrwevxtw lo daefaaras okapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervayypwwaxlanp.n. eclwtfyca px die gitste.pp nvdmor .eardob ea sc.jqvto h v vpmeid.dtse h rrcacfzpxhdcbczatvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 124 fit: -162 chromo: ucwjkywrlwofmtnrzexaccn vs tzdccuesliob.awdetsb  tisznoblectin the mindetxnvuwfzm. whkzjhxnae atwbhry.assffffltr.ghojssqortrwendtw lo daefaaras okapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervazypwwaxcann.n. eclwtfaca px die gitste pp nvdmor .eardobkea sc.iquto h f vpmeid.dtse h rrcacf.pdhdcbczatvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 125 fit: -162 chromo: ucwjkywrlwofmtnrzexaccn vs tzdccuesliob.awdetsb  tisznoblectin the mindetxnvuwfzm. whkzjhxnae atwbhry.assffffltr.ghojssqortrwendtw lo daefaaras okapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervazypwwaxcann.n. eclwtfaca px die gitste pp nvdmor .eardobkea sc.iquto h f vpmeid.dtse h rrcacf.pdhdcbczatvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 126 fit: -161 chromo: uawjcywrlwofmtnr.exaccn vs tjdccueslior.awcet d  tisznoblecxin the mindatxnuuxfzm. whkzlpxnae atgbhry.assffffltr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daafaaras okaonstha sxa zfhwloublervazqpwwaxlajp.n. eclgtfa.a ox die yitste.pp nvdmor .eardobkea sc.bqvto hkf vpmeid.dtse h rrcacf.pxhdcbczatvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 127 fit: -161 chromo: uawjcywrlwofmtnr.exaccn vs tjdccueslior.awcet d  tisznoblecxin the mindatxnuuxfzm. whkzlpxnae atgbhry.assffffltr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daanaaras okaonstha sxa zfhwloublervazqpwwaxlajp.n. eclgtfa.a ox die yitste.pp nvdmor .eardobkea s .bqvto hkf vpmeid.dtse h rrcacf.pxhdcbczatvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 128 fit: -161 chromo: uaxjcyxrlwofmtnr.exaccn vs tjdccueslior.bwcet d  tisznoblecxin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjpxnae atgbhry.assffffltr.gfols qortrwevxtc lo daafaaras lkapnstha sxa zfhwloublervazqpwwaxlanp.n. eclwtfa.a ox die yixste.pp nvdmor .eardob ea sc.jqvto hkv vpmeid.dtse h rrcacfzpxhdcbczatvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 129 fit: -161 chromo: uawjs wrlwofmtnr.exaccn vs tjdccuesliob.ewcetsd  tisjnoblectin the mindetxnuuxfzm. whkzjpxnae atgbhry.assffffltr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daafaaras.okapnstha sxa zfhwloubleqvazqpwwaxlbnp.n. eclgtfa.a ox die gitste pp nvdmor .eardobkea s .jqvto h v vpmeid.dtse h vrcacf.pxhdcbczatvolsand namlralzsruzkub
gen: 130 fit: -160 chromo: eawjc xrlwofmtnr.exaccn vs tjdccuesliob.awcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjhxnae axwbhry.assffffltr.gholssqortrwevxtw lo daefaaras olapnstha sha zfhwdoublervayypwwaxlajp.n. ecdgtfyca px die gitsre.pp nvdmor .eardob ea sc.bqvto h f vpmeid.dtse h rrcacfzpxhdcbczatvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 131 fit: -160 chromo: uawjk xrlwofmtjr.exaccn vs tjdccuesliob.bwcet d  tisznoblecxin the mindatxnvuxfzm. whkzjpxnae atgbhry.astffffltr.gfols qortrwevxtc lo daafaaras okapnstha sxa zfhwloubleqvazypwwaxlann.n. eclwtfy.a ox die gitste pp nvdmor .eardob ea sc.jqvto hkv vpmeyd.dtse h rrcacfzpxhdcbczatvolsand namlralzsruzkuf
gen: 132 fit: -160 chromo: eawjc xrlwofmtnr.exaccn vs tjdccuesliob.awcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindatxmuuxfzm. whkzphxnae axwbhry.assffffltr.ghols qortrwejxtx lo daefaaras olapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervayypwwaxlajj.n. eclwtfyca ox die gitsre.pp nvdmor .eardobkea sc.bqvto h f vpmeid.dtse h rrcacfzpxhdcbczatvolsand namlralzsruykue
gen: 133 fit: -160 chromo: eawjc xrlwofmtnr.exaccn vs tjdccuesliob.awcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindatxmuuxfzm. whkzphxnae axwbhry.assffffltr.ghols qortrwejxtx lo daefaaras olapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervayypwwaxlajj.n. eclwtfyca ox die gitsre.pp nvdmor .eardobkea sc.bqvto h f vpmeid.dtse h rrcacfzpxhdcbczatvolsand namlralzsruykue
gen: 134 fit: -159 chromo: uaxjc wrlwofmtnr.exacan vs tjdccuesliob.ewcetsb  tisznobleoxin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjpxnae atgbhry.assffffltr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daafaarqs ohapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervayqpwwaxlbnp.n. ecdgtfaca px die yitste.pp fvbmor .eardobkea sc.byfto h f vpmeid.dtse hsvrcacfzpxhdcbczatvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 135 fit: -159 chromo: eawjc xrlwofmtnr.exaccn vs tjdcduesliob.awcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindatxmvuxfzm. whkzjhxnae atwahry.assffffltr.ghols qortrwevxtw lo daaeaaras olapnstha sha zfhwdoublervayyowwcxlanj.n. ecdwtfyca lx die gitsre.pp nvdmor..eardobkea s .jqvto h f vpmeid.dtse h rrcacfzpxh.cbczatvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 136 fit: -159 chromo: eawjc xrlwofmtnr.exaccn vs tjdcduesliob.awcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindatxmvuxfzm. whkzjhxnae atwahry.assffffltr.ghols qortrwevxtw lo daaeaaras olapnstha sha zfhwdoublervayyowwcxlanj.n. ecdwtfyca lx die gitsre.pp nvdmor..eardobkea s .jqvto h f vpmeid.dtse h rrcacfzpxh.cbczatvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 137 fit: -159 chromo: eawjc xrlwofmtnr.exaccn vs tjdcduesliob.awcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindatxmvuxfzm. whkzjhxnae atwahry.assffffltr.ghols qortrwevxtw lo daaeaaras olapnstha sha zfhwdoublervayyowwcxlanj.n. ecdwtfyca lx die gitsre.pp nvdmor..eardobkea s .jqvto h f vpmeid.dtse h rrcacfzpxh.cbczatvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 138 fit: -159 chromo: eawjc xrlwofmtnr.exaccn vs tjdcduesliob.awcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindatxmvuxfzm. whkzjhxnae atwahry.assffffltr.ghols qortrwevxtw lo daaeaaras olapnstha sha zfhwdoublervayyowwcxlanj.n. ecdwtfyca lx die gitsre.pp nvdmor..eardobkea s .jqvto h f vpmeid.dtse h rrcacfzpxh.cbczatvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 139 fit: -159 chromo: eawjc xrlwofmtnr.exaccn vs tjdcduesliob.awcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindatxmvuxfzm. whkzjhxnae atwahry.assffffltr.ghols qortrwevxtw lo daaeaaras olapnstha sha zfhwdoublervayyowwcxlanj.n. ecdwtfyca lx die gitsre.pp nvdmor..eardobkea s .jqvto h f vpmeid.dtse h rrcacfzpxh.cbczatvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 140 fit: -159 chromo: easjk wrlwofmtnr.exadan vs tidcduesliob.bwcetsdk tisznoblecxin the mindatxnvuxfym. whkzjpxnae atgbhry.assffffltr.gfols qortrwevxtw lo daafaaras okapnstha sxa zfhxloublequayqpwwaxlajn.n. ecdwtfacb px hie yitsxe.pp nvbmor .eardob ea sc.byfto h v vhmeid.dtse h vroacfzpxhdcbczatvoksand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 141 fit: -159 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtnr.ewaccn vs tjdcduesliob.awcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindetxauuxfzm. whkzjpxnae atwbhry.assffffltr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs olapnstha sha zfhwdoublervayyowwaxlbnj.n. ecdgtfyca lx die gitsre.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa s .bqfto h f vpmeid.dtse hsrrcacfzpxh.dbczatvolsand namlralzsruykun
gen: 142 fit: -158 chromo: eawjl wrlwofmtnr.exadcn vs tidcduesliob.awcetsd  tisznoblecxin the mindatxnvuxfzm. whkzjhxnae atgahry.assffffltr.gfols qortrwevhtw lo daaeaaras olapnstha sxa zfhwloublervayqpwwcxlann.n. ecdgtfacb ox die yitsxe.pp nvbmor .eardobkea s .jqvto h f vpmeid.dtse h rrcacfzpxhdcbczatvolsand namlralzsreykub
gen: 143 fit: -157 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtjr.ewacan vs tjdccuesliod.ewcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindetxzvuxfzm. whkzjpxnbe atwahrz.as ffffltr.gholskqortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs olapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervayqdwwaxlann.n. ecdgtfyca ox die gitsrespp nvdmor .eardobkaa s .bqvto h f vpmeid.dtte h rrcacfzpxhdcbczatvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 144 fit: -157 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtjr.ewacan vs tjdccuesliod.ewcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindetxzvuxfzm. whkzjpxnbe atwahrz.as ffffltr.gholskqortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs olapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervayqdwwaxlann.n. ecdgtfyca ox die gitsrespp nvdmor .eardobkaa s .bqvto h f vpmeid.dtte h rrcacfzpxhdcbczatvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 145 fit: -157 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtjr.ewacan vs tjdccuesliod.ewcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindetxzvuxfzm. whkzjpxnbe atwahrz.as ffffltr.gholskqortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs olapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervayqdwwaxlann.n. ecdgtfyca ox die gitsrespp nvdmor .eardobkaa s .bqvto h f vpmeid.dtte h rrcacfzpxhdcbczatvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 146 fit: -156 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtfr.ewacab vs tjdccues.iob.ewcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjoxnme atwahra.as ffffjtr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs ocapnstxa sxa zfhwloublervaysdwwcxlann.n. ecdgtfyca ox die yitsre.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sd.byvto h f vpmeid.dtse h vroacf.pxhdcbcratvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 147 fit: -156 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtfr.ewacab vs tjdccues.iob.ewcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjoxnme atwahra.as ffffjtr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs ocapnstxa sxa zfhwloublervaysdwwcxlann.n. ecdgtfyca ox die yitsre.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sd.byvto h f vpmeid.dtse h vroacf.pxhdcbcratvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 148 fit: -156 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtfr.ewacab vs tjdccues.iob.ewcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjoxnme atwahra.as ffffjtr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs ocapnstxa sxa zfhwloublervaysdwwcxlann.n. ecdgtfyca ox die yitsre.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sd.byvto h f vpmeid.dtse h vroacf.pxhdcbcratvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 149 fit: -156 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtfr.ewacab vs tjdccues.iob.ewcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjoxnme atwahra.as ffffjtr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs ocapnstxa sxa zfhwloublervaysdwwcxlann.n. ecdgtfyca ox die yitsre.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sd.byvto h f vpmeid.dtse h vroacf.pxhdcbcratvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 150 fit: -156 chromo: uawjc xrlwobmtjr.exacan vs sjdccuesliob.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxzvuxfzm. whkzjpxnme atsahry.as ffhfjtr.gfols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs ocapnstxa sxa zfhwdoublervayqpxwcxpann.n. ecdwtfy.a ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sd.byfto h f vpmeid.dtse h vrcacf.pxhdcbcratvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 151 fit: -156 chromo: uawjc xrlwobmtjr.exacan vs sjdccuesliob.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxzvuxfzm. whkzjpxnme atsahry.as ffhfjtr.gfols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs ocapnstxa sxa zfhwdoublervayqpxwcxpann.n. ecdwtfy.a ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sd.byfto h f vpmeid.dtse h vrcacf.pxhdcbcratvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 152 fit: -156 chromo: uawjc xrlwobmtjr.exacan vs sjdccuesliob.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxzvuxfzm. whkzjpxnme atsahry.as ffhfjtr.gfols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs ocapnstxa sxa zfhwdoublervayqpxwcxpann.n. ecdwtfy.a ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sd.byfto h f vpmeid.dtse h vrcacf.pxhdcbcratvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 153 fit: -156 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtfr.exacab vs tjdccuesliob.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxmvuxfzm. whkzjpxnme atsahry.as ffhfjtr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs ocapnstxa.sxa zfhwdoublervayqpwwcxpann.n. ecdgtfy.a ox die yitsre.pp nrdmor .eardobkea s .byfto h f vpmeid.dtse h vrcacfzpxhdcbcratvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 154 fit: -156 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtfr.ewacab vs tjdccues.iob.ewcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjoxnme atwahra.as ffffjtr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs ocapnstxa sxa zfhwloublervaysdwwcxlann.n. ecdgtfyca ox die yitsre.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sd.byvto h f vpmeid.dtse h vroacf.pxhdcbcratvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 155 fit: -156 chromo: uawjc xrlwofotjr.ewacan vs tjdccuesliob.ewcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjoxnme atgahrzdas ffffjtr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs ocapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervayqdxwdxpabn.n. ecdwsvyca ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sd.byfto h f vpmeid.dtse h vrcacf.pxhdcbcratvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 156 fit: -156 chromo: uawjc xrlwofotjr.ewacan vs tjdccuesliob.ewcetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjoxnme atgahrzdas ffffjtr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs ocapnstha sxa zfhwdoublervayqdxwdxpabn.n. ecdwsvyca ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sd.byfto h f vpmeid.dtse h vrcacf.pxhdcbcratvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 157 fit: -155 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtjr.exucan vs tjdccues.iod.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxzvuxfzm. whkzjpxnmu atgahrz.qs ffhfjtr.gfols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs opapnstxa sxa zfhwloublervayqxxwcxpann.n  ecdgtfy.a ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sd.byfto h f vpmeid.dtce h vrcach.pxhdcbczctvmlsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 158 fit: -155 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtjr.exucan vs tjdccues.iod.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxzvuxfzm. whkzjpxnmu atgahrz.qs ffhfjtr.gfols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs opapnstxa sxa zfhwloublervayqxxwcxpann.n  ecdgtfy.a ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sd.byfto h f vpmeid.dtce h vrcach.pxhdcbczctvmlsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 159 fit: -155 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtjr.exucan vs tjdccues.iod.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxzvuxfzm. whkzjpxnmu atgahrz.qs ffhfjtr.gfols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs opapnstxa sxa zfhwloublervayqxxwcxpann.n  ecdgtfy.a ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sd.byfto h f vpaeid.dtce h vrcach.pxhdcbczctvmlsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 160 fit: -155 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtjr.exucan vs tjdccues.iod.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxzvuxfzm. whkzjpxnmu atgahrz.qs ffhfjtr.gfols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs opapnstxa sxa zfhwloublervayqxxwcxpann.n  ecdgtfy.a ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sd.byfto h f vpaeid.dtce h vrcach.pxhdcbczctvmlsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 161 fit: -155 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtjr.exucan vs tjdccues.iod.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxzvuxfzm. whkzjpxnmu atgahrz.qs ffhfjtr.gfols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs opapnstxa sxa zfhwloublervayqxxwcxpann.n  ecdgtfy.a ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sd.byfto h f vpaeid.dtce h vrcach.pxhdcbczctvmlsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 162 fit: -155 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtjr.exacab vs sjdccuesliob.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxmvuxfzm. whkzjpxnme atsahra.as ffhfjtr.gfols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs odapnstxa sxa zfhwcoublervayqpwwcxpann.n. ecdwtfy.a ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa s .bivto h f vpmeid.dtse h vrcachzpthdcbcrctvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 163 fit: -155 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtjr.exacab vs sjdccuesliob.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxmvuxfzm. whkzjpxnme atsahra.as ffhfjtr.gfols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs odapnstxa sxa zfhwcoublervayqpwwcxpann.n. ecdwtfy.a ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa s .bivto h f vpmeid.dtse h vrcachzpthdcbcrctvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 164 fit: -154 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtjrzexacan vs tjdccues.iob.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetvzvuxfzm. whkzjpxnme atgbhra.bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs ocapnstxa sta zfhwcoublezvayqpxwcxpanj.n  ecdwtfyca ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sd byfto h f vpmeid.dtse h.vrcach.pxhdcbctctvolsand namlralzsquykuf
gen: 165 fit: -154 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmxjr.exucan vs tjdccues.iol.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxzvuxfzm. whkzjpxnme atgahra.as ffhfjtr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs opannstxa sxa zfhwdoublervaiqpwwcxpann.n. ecdgthy.a ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa s..bufto h f vpaeid.dtse h vrcach.pwhdcbcqctvolsand namlralzsruikuf
gen: 166 fit: -154 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtjrzexacan vs tjdccues.iob.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetvzfuxfzm. whkzjpxnme atgvhra.bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwevdtc lo daaeaarqs ocapnstxa sta zfhwcoublezvayqpxwcxpanj.n  ecdwtfyca ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sd byfto h f vpmeid.dtse h.vrcach.pxhdcbctctvolsand namlralzsquykuf
gen: 167 fit: -154 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtbr.exuwaf vs tjdccues.iod.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetvzvuxfzm. whkzjoxnme atwbhry.bs ffhfjtr.gfols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs opapnstxa sxa zfhwloublezvayqpwwcxpann.n  ecdgtfy.a ox die yissxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkea sd byfto h.f vpaeid.dtse h vrcach pxhdcbcratvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 168 fit: -154 chromo: uawjc wrlwofatfr.exucaf vs tjdccues.iol.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxyvuxfzm. whkzjpxnmu arwbhry.bs ffhfjtr.gfols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs ocapnstxa sxa zfhwloublervayqpwwcxpann.n. ecdgtfy.a ox die yissxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sx.byfto h f vpaeid.dtse h vrcachzpxhdcbcratvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 169 fit: -154 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtjr.exucan vs tldccues.iod.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetvnvuhfzm. whkzjpxnmu atgahra.bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs opapnstxa sxa zfhwcoublezfayqhxwcxpanj.n  ecdwtfyca ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sz.byfto h f vpmeid.dtse h.vrcachzpxhdcbctatvolsand namlralzsquakuf
gen: 170 fit: -154 chromo: uawjcsxrlwofmtjr.exucan vs tldccues.iod.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindettzvuhfzm. whkzjpxnmu atgahra.as ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs ppannstxa sxa zfhwcoublervayqhwwcxpanj.n. ecdwthyca ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sz.bufto h f vpmeid.dtse h vrcach.pwhdcbcqctvolsand namlralzsruikuf
gen: 171 fit: -154 chromo: uawjcsxrlwofmtjr.exucan vs tldccues.iod.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindettzvuhfzm. whkzjpxnmu atgahra.as ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs ppannstxa sxa zfhwcoublervayqhwwcxpanj.n. ecdwthyca ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sz.bufto h f vpmeid.dtse h vrcach.pwhdcbcqctvolsand namlralzsruikuf
gen: 172 fit: -154 chromo: uywjc xrlwofmtjr.exucan vs tldccues.iof.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindettzvuhfzm. whkzjpxnmu atgahra.askffhfjtr.ghols qortrwevxtc ko daaeaarqs opapnstha sxa zfhxcoublervayqhwwcxpann.n. ecdwthyca ox die yitsxe.pp mvdmor .eardobkaa sd.bufto h f vpneid.dtse h vrcachzpwhd bcrctxojsand namlralzsruakuf
gen: 173 fit: -154 chromo: uawjc drlwofmtjr.exacan vs tjdccues.iob.gwcetqbk tisznoblecxin the mindetrzvuxfzm. whkzjpxnme atgbhra.is ffhfjtr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs ocannstha sta zfhwcoublernayqpwwcxpanj.n  ecdwtfyca cx die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sd byfto h f vpmeid.dtse h.vrcach.pthdcbctctvolsand namlralzsrvykuf
gen: 174 fit: -154 chromo: uawjc drlwofmtjr.exacan vs tjdccues.iob.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetrzvuxfzm. whkzjpxnme atgbhra.bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs ocapnstha sta zfhwcoublerfayqpxwcxpanj.n  ecdwtfyca cx die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sb byfto h f vpmeid.dtse h.vrcach.pxhdcbctctvolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 175 fit: -153 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtjr.exucan vs tjdccues.iob.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjpxnme atgahrz bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwebxtc lo daaeaarqs opapnstxa sxa zfhwloublezvayqpxwcxpann.n  ecdwthy.a ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sb.byfto h f vpyeid.dtse h.vrcach.pwhdcbctctvolsand namlralzsquykuf
gen: 176 fit: -153 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtjr.exucan vs tjdccues.iob.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjpxnme atgahrz bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwebxtc lo daaeaarqs opapnstxa sxa zfhwloublezvayqpxwcxpann.n  ecdwthy.a ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sb.byfto h f vpyeid.dtse h.vrcach.pwhdcbctctvolsand namlralzsquykuf
gen: 177 fit: -153 chromo: uuwjc wrlwofmtfr.exucaf vs tjdccues iob.gwcetsjk tisznoblecxin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjoxnne atgbhra.bs ffhfjtr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs opapnstxa sta zfhwcoublezfayqpxwcxpanj.n. ecdwthy.a ox die yissxe.pp nvdmork.eardobkaa sb byfto h f vpieid.dtce h vroachzpxhdcbcrctvolsand namlralzsquykuf
gen: 178 fit: -153 chromo: uawjc wrlwofctjr.exucan vs tjdccues.iob.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetvzruxfzm. whkzjpxnme atgbhra.bs ffhfjtrzghols qortrwebxtc lo daaeaarqs ocapnstxa sxa zfhwcoublezfayqpxwcxpann.n  ecdxthy.a ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmork.eardobkia sb.byfto h f vpmeid.dtse h.vrcach.pxhdcbctctvolsand namlralzsqvykuf
gen: 179 fit: -153 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtjr.exucan vs tjdccues iof.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindettnvuhfzm. whkzjpxnmu atgahra bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwebxtc lo daaeaarqs opapnstxa sxa zfhwloublezvayqpxwcxpann.n  ecdwthy.a ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sb.byfto h f vpyeid.dtse h.vrcach.pwhdcbctctvojsand namlralzsquykuf
gen: 180 fit: -153 chromo: uywjc xrlwofmtjt.exucan vs tjdccues.iod.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindettzvuxfzm. whkzjpxnme atgahra.bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs ppapnstxa sxa zfhxcoublervayqhxwcxpann.n. ecdwthyca ow die  itshe.pp nvdmor .eardobkba sz.byfto x n vpmeid.dtse h.vrcach.pxhdcbcqctvolsand namlralzsruikuf
gen: 181 fit: -153 chromo: uaxjc drlwofmtjr.exucan us tldccues.iod.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindettnvuhfzm. whkzjpxnne atgahrz.bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwebxtc lo daaeaarqs ppapnstxa sxa zfhwcoublezfayqhwxcxpann.n  ucdwthy.a ox die yisshe.pp nvdmorc.eardobkia sb.byfto x f vp eid.dtse h vraach.pxfdcbcqatvolsand namlralzsquikuf
gen: 182 fit: -153 chromo: uywjc drlwoeatjr.exucan vs tjdccuesliob.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetvzvuxfzm. whkzjpxnme atgbhrz.bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs opannstxa sxa zfhwcoublezfayqpxwcxpann.n  ecdwthy.a ox die yitsxe.pp nvdmor .eardoblia sb.byfto h f vpmeid.dtse h.vrcach.pxhdcbcqctvolsand namlralzsqvykuf
gen: 183 fit: -153 chromo: uawjc drlwofmtjrzexucan vs tjdccues.iob.gwcetqbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxmvuxfzm. whkzjnxnme asgafra.bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwebxtc lo daaeaarqs opannstha sxa zfhwloublervayqhxwhxpann.n  ecdwthy.y ax die  jtswe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sz byfto h f foyeid.dt e h.vrcach.pthdcbatctvolsand namlralzsquykuf
gen: 184 fit: -153 chromo: uawjc drlwofmtjrzexucan vs tjdccues.iob.gwcetqbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxmvuxfzm. whkzjnxnme asgafra.bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwebxtc lo daaeaarqs opannstha sxa zfhwloublervayqhxwhxpann.n  ecdwthy.y ax die  jtswe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sz byfto h f foyeid.dt e h.vrcach.pthdcbatctvolsand namlralzsquykuf
gen: 185 fit: -153 chromo: uawfc drlwofmtjr.exvcan vs tjdccues.iob.gwcetqbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxzvuxfzi. whkzjpxnme asgbhra.bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs kpapnstxa sxa zfhxcoublernayqhxwcxpenn.n. ecdwthy.a ox die  itswe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa sz.byfto h f vp ead.dtce h.vroacx.pwhdcratctxolsand namlralzsruykuf
gen: 186 fit: -152 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtjr.exucan us tldccues.iod.owcetsrk tisznoblecxin the mindetxnruhfzm. whkzjlxnme athbhrr.bs ffhbjtrzghols qortrwebxtc lg daaeaarrs opannstha sxa bfhwcoublezfayqhwxcxpenn.n. ecdwthy.a ox die yitshe.pp nvdmorc.eardoblaa sb.byfto x f vpmeid.dtce h vroachzpthdcbcqctvolsand namlralzsquykuf
gen: 187 fit: -152 chromo: uawjg xrlwofntjt.exucan us tldscues.iob.owcetqbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxnruxfzm. whkzjoxnmu asgbhrr.bs ffhbjtrzghols qortrwebxtc lg daaeaarrs opannstxa sxa zfhwcoublezfayqhwxkxpenn.n  ecdwthy.a ax die yitshe.pp nvdmorc.eardoblaa sb byfto x f vpmeid.dtse h vroachzptfd bcqctvolsand namlralzsquykuf
gen: 188 fit: -152 chromo: uawjg xrlwofntjt.exucan us tldscues.iob.owcetqbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxnruxfzm. whkzjoxnmu asgbhrr.bs ffhbjtrzghols qortrwebxtc lg daaeaarrs opannstxa sxa zfhwcoublezfayqhwxkxpenn.n  ecdwthy.a ax die yitshe.pp nvdmorc.eardoblaa sb byfto x f vpmeid.dtse h vroachzptfd bcqctvolsand namlralzsquykuf
gen: 189 fit: -152 chromo: uawjg xrlwofntjt.exucan us tldscues.iob.owcetqbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxnruxfzm. whkzjoxnmu asgbhrr.bs ffhbjtrzghols qortrwebxtc lg daaeaarrs opannstxa sxa zfhwcoublezfayqhwxkxpenn.n  ecdwthy.a ax die yitshe.pp nvdmorc.eardoblaa sb byfto x f vpmeid.dtse h vroachzptfd bcqctvolsand namlralzsquykuf
gen: 190 fit: -152 chromo: uawjg xrlwofntjt.exucan us tldscues.iob.owcetqbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxnruxfzm. whkzjoxnmu asgbhrr.bs ffhbjtrzghols qortrwebxtc lg daaeaarrs opannstxa sxa zfhwcoublezfayqhwxkxpenn.n  ecdwthy.a ax die yitshe.pp nvdmorc.eardoblaa sb byfto x f vpmeid.dtse h vroachzptfd bcqctvolsand namlralzsquykuf
gen: 191 fit: -152 chromo: uywjc xrlwofmtjr.exucan vs tjdccues.iob.gwcetsbk tisznobledxin the mindetxruuxfzm. whkzjlxnme atgahra.bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwebxtc lo daaeaarqs opapnstxa sxa zfhwloublernayqhxxcxpenn.n. ecdwthy.y mx die  itswe.pp nvdmorc.eardoblaa sz byfto h f vp eid.dtse h.vroash.nthdcbcactvolsand namlralysqqzkuf
gen: 192 fit: -152 chromo: uywjc xrlwofmtjr.exucan vs tjdccues.iob.gwcetsbk tisznobledxin the mindetxruuxfzm. whkzjlxnme atgahra.bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwebxtc lo daaeaarqs opapnstxa sxa zfhwloublernayqhxxcxpenn.n. ecdwthy.y mx die  itswe.pp nvdmorc.eardoblaa sz byfto h f vp eid.dtse h.vroash.nthdcbcactvolsand namlralysqqzkuf
gen: 193 fit: -152 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtjr.exucan vs tldccuestiob.gwcetqbk tisznoblecxin the mindetvmruhfzm. whkzjpxnnu atgbhrr.bs ffhbjtrzghols qortrwebxtc lo daaebarrs opannstha sha bfhwloublezfayqhwxcxpenn.n  ecdwthy.y ax die yitshe.pp nvdmorc.eardoblaa sb.byfto x f vpmeid.dtce h vroachzpthdcbcqatvolsanc namlralzsqqqkuf
gen: 194 fit: -151 chromo: uawjg xrkwofmtjt.exucan us tldccues.iob.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetxnvuxfzm. whkzjoxnmu asgbhrr.fs ffhbjtrzghols qortrwebxtc lo daaeiarrs opannstxa sxa zfhwcoublezfayqhwxkxpenn.n  ecdwthyca ax die yitshe.pp nvdmork.eardobkaa sb.byfto x f vp eid.dtce h.vroachzntfd bcqctvolsand namlrblzsquykuf
gen: 195 fit: -151 chromo: uawjc xrkwofmtjz.exucan vs tjdccues.iob.gwcetqbl tisznoblecxin the mindetxnvuhfzm. whkzjlxnmu atgbhrr.bs ffhbjtqzghols qortrwevxtc lo daaeaarqs opannstxa sxa bfhwkoublezfayqhxwhxpamn.n  ecdwthyda mx die yitshezpp nvdmorc.eardobkaa sz byfto hkf fpmeid.dtce h.rroachznthd bctctvolsand nankralzsruykuf
gen: 196 fit: -150 chromo: uywlc xrlwofmtjr.exucan vs tjcccuestiob.gwcetsbk tisznobledxin the mindetxrvuxfzm. whkzjlxnme atgahra.bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwebxtc lo daaeaarrs ppannstxa sxa zfhwcoublernayqhxxcxpenn.n. ecdwthy.y ox die  itswe.pp nvdmory.eardoblaa sz.byfto h f vp eid.dtse h.vroach.nthdcbqactvolsand namlralzsquzkvf
gen: 197 fit: -150 chromo: uywlc xrlwofmtjr.exucan vs tjcccuestiob.gwcetsbk tisznobledxin the mindetxrvuxfzm. whkzjlxnme atgahra.bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwebxtc lo daaeaarrs ppannstxa sxa zfhwcoublernayqhxxcxpenn.n. ecdwthy.y ox die  itswe.pp nvdmory.eardoblaa sz.byfto h f vp eid.dtse h.vroach.nthdcbqactvolsand namlralzsquzkvf
gen: 198 fit: -149 chromo: uawjc xrlwoemtjr.exucan vs tldccuestiob.gwcetqrk tisznoblecxin the mindetxmruxfzi. whkzjlxnmu ashbhra.bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwebxtc lo daaeaarvs opannstha sxa bfhwloubletfayqhwchxpcnn.n. ecdwthyca mx die yitswe.pp nvdmorc.eardobkaa sx.byfto x e vp eid.dt e h.vroachzpthd bcqctvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 199 fit: -149 chromo: uawjc xrlwoemtjr.exucan vs tldccuestiob.gwcetqrk tisznoblecxin the mindetxmruxfzi. whkzjlxnmu ashbhra.bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwebxtc lo daaeaarvs opannstha sxa bfhwloubletfayqhwchxpcnn.n. ecdwthyca mx die yitswe.pp nvdmorc.eardobkaa sx.byfto x e vp eid.dt e h.vroachzpthd bcqctvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 200 fit: -149 chromo: uawjc xrlwoemtjr.exucan vs tldccuestiob.gwcetqrk tisznoblecxin the mindetxmruxfzi. whkzjlxnmu ashbhra.bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwebxtc lo daaeaarvs opannstha sxa bfhwloubletfayqhwchxpcnn.n. ecdwthyca mx die yitswe.pp nvdmorc.eardobkaa sx.byfto x e vp eid.dt e h.vroachzpthd bcqctvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 201 fit: -149 chromo: uawjc xrlwoemtjr.exucan vs tjdccuestiob.gwcetqbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsmruhfzm. chkzilxnme atgbhrr.bs ffpbjtr.ghols qortrwebxtc lo daaeaarrs ppannstha sxa zfhwkoublezfayqhwchxpcnn.n. ecdwthzca ov die yitswe.pp nvdmorc.eardobkaa sx.byfto x e vp eid.dt e h.vroachzptpdcbcqctvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 202 fit: -149 chromo: uawjg xrkwofmtjr.exucan vs tjdccuestiob.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindettpvuhfzm. whkzjlxnmu atgbhra.fs vfhajtr.ghols qortbwebxtc jo daaeaarrs ppannstha sxa zfhwcoublezfayqhwxhtpenn.n. ecdwthydy ox die yitshe.pp nvxmory.eardoblaa sb.byfto h f vp eid.dt e h.vraachznthd dcyctvolsand namlralzsqqqkvf
gen: 203 fit: -149 chromo: uawjg xrkwofmtjr.exucan vs tjdccuestiob.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindettpvuhfzm. whkzjlxnmu atgbhra.fs vfhajtr.ghols qortbwebxtc jo daaeaarrs ppannstha sxa zfhwcoublezfayqhwxhtpenn.n. ecdwthydy ox die yitshe.pp nvxmory.eardoblaa sb.byfto h f vp eid.dt e h.vraachznthd dcyctvolsand namlralzsqqqkvf
gen: 204 fit: -149 chromo: uawjc xrlwoemtjr.exucan vs tjdccuestiob.gwcetqbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsmruhfzm. chkzilxnme atgbhrr.bs ffpbjtr.ghols qortrwebxtc lo daaeaarrs ppannstha sxa zfhwkoublezfayqhwchxpcnn.n. ecdwthzca ov die yitswe.pp nvdmorc.eardobkaa sx.byfto x e vp eid.dt e h.vroachzptpdcbcqctvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 205 fit: -149 chromo: uawjg xrkwofmtjr.exudan vs tjdccuestiob.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindettpvuhfzm. whkzjlxnmu atgbhra.fs vfhajtr.ghols qortbwebxtc jo daaeaarrs ppannstha sxa zfhwcoublezfayqhwxhtpenn.n. ecdwthydy ox die yitshe.pp nvxmory.eardoblaa sb.byfto h f vp eid.dt e h.vraachznthd dcyctvolsand namlralzsqqqkvf
gen: 206 fit: -148 chromo: uawjg xrlwofmtjr.exudan vs tjdccuestiob.gwcetqbk tisznoblecxin the mindettpruhfzm. whkzjlxnmu atgahrr.fs vfhbjtr.ghols qortrwebxtc jo daaeaarrs plannstha sxa zfhwcoublezfayqhwxhtpenn n. ecdwthydy ox die yitshe.pp nvdmorc.eardoblaa sz.dyfto x.f vp eid.dt e h.vraachznthd bcqctvolsand namlralzsquqkvf
gen: 207 fit: -148 chromo: uawjc xrlwoemtjr.exucan vs tjdccuestiob.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindfdtivuhfzm. chkzilxnmu atebhrr.fs ffhajtr.ghols qortrwebxdc jo daaeaarrs ppannstha sxa zfhwcoublezfayqhwchtpcnn.n. ecdwthzcy ov die iitshe.pp nvxmorc.eardobkaa sx.byfto h e vp eid.dt e h.vraachzptpd dcy tvolsand namlralzsquqkvf
gen: 208 fit: -148 chromo: uawjc xrluoemtjr.exucan vs tjdccuestiob.gwcetqrk tisznoblecxin the mindftxmruxfzm. whkzjlxnme asgaxrr.bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortrwebxtc lo daaeaarvs ppannstha sxa zfhuloublezfayqhwchvpcnn.n. ecdwthyca ov die yitswe.pp nvdmorc.eardobkaa sx.byfto x e vp eid.dt e h.vroachbpthd bcqctvolsand namlralzsquqkub
gen: 209 fit: -148 chromo: uawjc xrlwoeotjr.exucan vs tjdccuestiob.gwcetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindfdtivuhfzm. dhkzilxnmu atebhrr.fs ffhajtr.ghols qortrwebxdw jo daaeaarrs ppannstha sxa zfhwcoublezfayqhwchtpcnn.n. ecdwthzcy ov die iitshe.pp nvxmorc.eardobkaa sx.byfto h e vp eid.dt e h.vraachzotpd dcy tvolsand namlralzsquqkvf
gen: 210 fit: -148 chromo: uawjc xrkwoemtjr.exucan vs tldccuestiob.gwcetsrk tisznoblecxin the mindettpruxfzi. whkzjlxnnu athbhrr.bs ffhbjtr.ghols qortbwebhrc lo daaeaarvs opannstha sxa bfhwcoublezfayqhwxhxpcnm.n. ecdwthz.a mx die yitswe.pp nvcmorc.eardobkaa sx.byfto h e vp eid..t e h.vroachzpthd bcqctvolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 211 fit: -148 chromo: uawjc xrlwofmtjrtexucan vs tjdccuestiob gwdetsrk tisznoblecxin the mindetxiwuxfzm. dhkzilxnmu atebhrr.fs ffhajtr.ghols qortrwebxdc jo daaeaarvs ppannstha sxa bfhwcoublezfayqhxxhtpcnn.n. ecdwthzca mx die yitshe.pp nvxmorc.eardoblaa sx.byfto h e vp eid.dt e h.uroachzotpd ccy tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 212 fit: -148 chromo: uawjg drlwofmtjr.exucan vs.tjdccuestiob.gwcetqbk tisbnoblecxin the mindettaruhfzm. whkzjlxnmu asgahrr.fs ufpbjtr.ghols rortqwebxhc jo daaeaarrs ppannstha sxa zfhwcoublezfayqhwxhtpcnn n. ecdwthydy ov die yisswe.pp nvdmorc.eardoblaa sz.byfto x.e vp eid.dt e h.vraachyntpd bcq tvolsand namlralzsruqkvf
gen: 213 fit: -147 chromo: uawjc xrkwoemtjrtexucan vs tldccuestioa.gwdetqbc tisznoblecxin the mindftsmvuxfzi. whkzjlxnmu atgahrr.bs ffhajtr.ghols qortbwebxsc lo daaeaarvs opannstha sxa bfhwcoublezfayqhcxhxpenn.n. ecdwthzca mv die yitshe pp nvxmorc.eardpbkaa sx.ayfto h.f vp eid.dt e h.vroachzpshd ccq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 214 fit: -147 chromo: uawjc xrkwoemtjrtexucan vs tldccuestioa.gwdetqbc tisznoblecxin the mindftsmvuxfzi. whkzjlxnmu atgahrr.bs ffhajtr.ghols qortbwebxsc lo daaeaarvs opannstha sxa bfhwcoublezfayqhcxhxpenn.n. ecdwthzca mv die yitshe pp nvxmorc.eardpbkaa sx.ayfto h.f vp eid.dt e h.vroachzpshd ccq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 215 fit: -147 chromo: uawjc xrkwoemtjrtexucan vs tldccuestioa.gwdetqbc tisznoblecxin the mindftsmvuxfzi. whkzjlxnmu atgahrr.bs ffhajtr.ghols qortbwebxsc lo daaeaarvs opannstha sxa bfhwcoublezfayqhcxhxpenn.n. ecdwthzca mv die yitshe pp nvxmorc.eardpbkaa sx.ayfto h.f vp eid.dt e h.vroachzpshd ccq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 216 fit: -147 chromo: uawjc xrkwoemtjrtexucan vs tldccuestioa.gwdetqbc tisznoblecxin the mindftsmvuxfzi. whkzjlxnmu atgahrr.bs ffhajtr.ghols qortbwebxsc lo daaeaarvs opannstha sxa bfhwcoublezfayqhcxhxpenn.n. ecdwthzca mv die yitshe pp nvxmorc.eardpbkaa sx.ayfto h.f vp eid.dt e h.vroachzpshd ccq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 217 fit: -147 chromo: uawjc xrkwoemtjrtexucan vs tldccuestioa.gwdetqbc tisznoblecxin the mindftsmvuxfzi. whkzjlxnmu atgahrr.bs ffhajtr.ghols qortbwebxsc lo daaeaarvs opannstha sxa bfhwcoublezfayqhcxhxpenn.n. ecdwthzca mv die yitshe pp nvxmorc.eardpbkaa sx.ayfto h.f vp eid.dt e h.vroachzpshd ccq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 218 fit: -147 chromo: uawjc xrkwoemtjrtexucan vs tldccuestioa.gwdetqbc tisznoblecxin the mindftsmvuxfzi. whkzjlxnmu atgahrr.bs ffhajtr.ghols qortbwebxsc lo daaeaarvs opannstha sxa bfhwcoublezfayqhcxhxpenn.n. ecdwthzca mv die yitshe pp nvxmorc.eardpbkaa sx.ayfto h.f vp eid.dt e h.vroachzpshd ccq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 219 fit: -147 chromo: uawjc xrkwoemtjrtexucan vs tldccuestioa.gwdetqbc tisznoblecxin the mindftsmvuxfzi. whkzjlxnmu atgahrr.bs ffhajtr.ghols qortbwebxsc lo daaeaarvs opannstha sxa bfhwcoublezfayqhcxhxpenn.n. ecdwthzca mv die yitshe pp nvxmorc.eardpbkaa sx.ayfto h.f vp eid.dt e h.vroachzpshd ccq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 220 fit: -147 chromo: uaxjg drlwoemtjr.exucam vs tl.dcuestiob.gwdetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindet iruxfzm. dhkzilxnmu atgbhrr.fs vfbajtr.ghols qortrwebxhc jo caaeaarqs plannstga sxa zfhwcoubleznayqhwchtpcmn.n. ecdwthzda ov die yidshe.pp nvxmorc.eardobkaa sx.byfto xcf vp eid.dt e h.vroachyospd dgq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 221 fit: -147 chromo: uawja xrlwofmtjrtexucam vs tjdccuestiob.gwdetsrk tisznoblecxin the mindettisuhfzm. whkzilxnmu atebhrr.fs fffajtr.gholc qortrwebxdw jo daaeaarvs ppannstha sxa zfhwcoublezfayqhxchtpcnn.n. ecdwthzca mv die yitshe.pp nvxmorc.eardobkaa sx.byfto h f vp eid.dt e h.vroachzotpd ccq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 222 fit: -147 chromo: uawja xrlwofmtjrtexucam vs tjdccuestiob.gwdetsrk tisznoblecxin the mindettisuhfzm. whkzilxnmu atebhrr.fs fffajtr.gholc qortrwebxdw jo daaeaarvs ppannstha sxa zfhwcoublezfayqhxchtpcnn.n. ecdwthzca mv die yitshe.pp nvxmorc.eardobkaa sx.byfto h f vp eid.dt e h.vroachzotpd ccq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 223 fit: -147 chromo: uawjg xrlwoemtjrtewucam vs tjddcuestiob.gwdetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindettpsuhfzm. whkzjlxnmu ateahrr.fs fffbjtr.ghols qortrwebxhw jo daaeaarvs ppannstha sxa zfhwcoubdeznayqhxchtpcnn.n. ecdwthzda mv die yitsge.pp nvxmorc.eardobkaa sx.byfto h f vp eid.dt e h.vroachzntpd ccq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 224 fit: -147 chromo: aawjg drlwoemtjr.exucam vs tlddcuestiob.gwdetsb  tisznoblecxin the mindet iruhfzm. .hkzjlxnmu atgbhrr.fs ffhajtr.gxols qortrwebxhw jo caaeaarrs plannstxa sxa yfhwcoubleznayqhwdhtpcmn.n. ecdcthzda ov die yidshe.pp nvxmorc.eardoblaa sx.byfto x.f vp eid.dtse h.vraachynspd dgq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 225 fit: -146 chromo: uawjg hrlwofmtjrtexucam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindet isuhfzm. .hkzalxnmu ateahrr.fs fffajtr.gxols qortrwebxhw no daaeaarrs plannstxa sxa yfxwdoubleznayqhwdhtpcnn.n. ecdwthyca ov die yitsge.pp nvxmorc.eardobkaa sx byfto h f vp eid.dtse h.vraachzptpd bgq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 226 fit: -146 chromo: uawjg hrlwofmtjrtexucam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindet isuhfzm. .hkzalxnmu ateahrr.fs fffajtr.gxols qortrwebxhw no daaeaarrs plannstxa sxa yfxwdoubleznayqhwdhtpcnn.n. ecdwthyca ov die yitsge.pp nvxmorc.eardobkaa sx byfto h f vp eid.dtse h.vraachzptpd bgq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 227 fit: -146 chromo: uawja xrlwofmtjrtexucam vs tjdccuestiob.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindettisuhfzm. .hkzilxnmu ateahrr.fs fffajtr.ghols qortrwebxdw jo daaeaarvs plannstha sxa yfhwcoubleznayqhxchtpcnn.n. ecdwthzca mv die yitshe.pp nvxmorc.eardobkaa sx byfto h f vp eid.dt e h.vraachyptpd bgq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 228 fit: -146 chromo: uyuja drlwoemtjvsexucan vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsisuhfzi. whkzalxnmv atgacrr.bs fffajtr gxols qortrwebwhc no daaeaarvs plannstxa sxa yfxwdoublezhayqhwxhtpcnn.n. ecdwthyda ov die yitsge.po nvxmorc.uardoblaa sx.byfto h.f vl eid.dt e h.vraachzotpd bgy tvolsand naolralzsquqkuf
gen: 229 fit: -146 chromo: uaxjg vrlwohmtjrtexucam vs tjdccuestiod.gwdettbk tisrnoblecxin the mindht isuxfzj. dhkzblxnmu atebhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortbwebxhw jo daaeaarvs plannstha sxa yfhwcoubleznayqhwchtpcmn.n. ecdwthzca ov die yitshe pp nvxmorc.uardoblaa sx.byfto x.f vl ejd.ct e hzvroachzospd bcy tvo.sand namlralzsquqkub
gen: 230 fit: -146 chromo: uyuja drlwoemtjvsexucan vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsisuhfzi. whkzalxnmv atgacrr.bs fffajtr gxols qortrwebwhc no daaeaarbs plannstxa sxa yfxwdoublezhayqhwxhtpcnn.n. ecdwthyda ov die yitsge.pc nvxmorc.vardoblaa sx.byfto h.f vl eid.dt e h.vraachzotpd bgy tvolsand naolralzsquqkuf
gen: 231 fit: -146 chromo: uawjg hrlwofmtjrtexucam vs tjdccuestiob.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindet isuhfzm. .hkzilxnmu ateahrr.fs fffajtr.gxols qortrwebxdw no daaeaarvs plannstxa sxa yfhwdoubleznayqhxchtpcnn.n. ecdwthzca mv die yitsge.pp nvxmorc.eardobkaa sx byfto h f vp eid.dt e h.vraachyptpd bgq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 232 fit: -146 chromo: uawjg drlwommtjr.exucam vs tjdccuestiob.gwdetsbk tisynoblecxin the mindet isuxfzm. .hkzjlxnmu atgahrr.fs fffajtr.ghols qortrwebxhw no daaeaarvs plannstda sxa yffwdoubleznayqhxdhtpcnf.n. ecdwthyda ov die yitshe.pp nvxmorc.eardobkaa sx byfto h f vl eid.dtse h.vraachzotpd bgq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 233 fit: -146 chromo: uawjg drlwoemtjr.exucam vs tldccuestiob.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetsisuhfzm. dhkzjlxnmu atgahrr.fs ffhajtr.gxols qortrwebxhw jo daeeaarvs llannstda sxa yffwdoublezfayqhwchtpenn.n. ecdwthyda ov die yidshe.pp nvxmorc.eardobiaa sx byfto h.f vp eid.dt e h.vraachzotpd bgq tvolsand namlralzsyuqkuf
gen: 234 fit: -146 chromo: uyuja hrlwoemtjvsexucam vs tldcduestiod.gwxetsbk tisznobleaxin the mindftsisuxfzi. whkzalxnmv atgagrr.bs fffajtr gxols qortrwebxhc io daaeaarvs plannstga sxa yfxwdoublezbayqhwxhtpcnn.n. ecdwthzda ov die yitsge.po nvxmorc.uardobkaa sx.byfto h.f vp eid.dt e h.vraachzptpd bgy txolsand naolralzsquqkuf
gen: 235 fit: -146 chromo: uaujg hrlwoeotjv.exucam vs tpdccuestiod.owdetsb  tisznorlecxin the mindft isuxfzm. .hkzilxnmu atgyhrr.bs ffhajtr.ghols qortrwebxhc no daaeaarrs dlannstha sxa yfhwdoubleyfayqhwchtpcen.n. ecdcthyda ov die yixshezpp nvxmorc.eazdobkaa sx bzfto x.f vl ejd.dt e h.vraachyntnd dgq tvolsand namlralzsqvqkuf
gen: 236 fit: -146 chromo: uyuja hrlwoemtjvsexucam vs tldcduestiob.gwxetsbk tisznobleaxin the mindftsysuxfzi. whkzalxnmv atgagrr.bs fffajtr gxols qortrwebxhc io daaeaarvs plannstga sda qfxwdoublezbayqhsxhtpcnn.n. ecdwthzda ov die yitsge.po nvxmorc.uardobkaa sx.byfto h.f vp eid.dtye h.vraachzptpd bgy txolsand naolralzsquqkuf
gen: 237 fit: -145 chromo: wywje drlwoemtjrsexwcam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsisuhfzm. whkzjlxnmu atwbhrr.fs fffajtr.gxols qortrwebxhw no daieaarvs ppannstha sxa yffwdoubleznayqhwchtpenn.n. ecdwthyca mv die yitshe.po nvdmorc.uaqdobkaa sx.byfto x.f vl eid.dt e h.vraachzothd bgq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 238 fit: -145 chromo: wywje drlwoemtjrsexwcam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsisuhfzm. whkzjlxnmu atwbhrr.fs fffajtr.gxols qortrwebxhw no daieaarvs ppannstha sxa yffwdoubleznayqhwchtpenn.n. ecdwthyca mv die yitspe po nvdmorc.uaqdobkaa sx.byfto x.f vl eid.dt e h vraachzothd bgq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 239 fit: -145 chromo: wywje drlwoemtjrsexwcam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsisuhfzm. whkzjlxnmu atwbhrr.fs fffajtr.gxols qortrwebxhw no daieaarvs ppannstha sxa yffwdoubleznayqhwchtpenn.n. ecdwthyca mv die yitspe po nvdmorc.uaqdobkaa sx.byfto x.f vl eid.dt e h vraachzothd bgq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 240 fit: -145 chromo: wywje drlwoemtjrsexwcam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsisuhfzm. whkzjlxnmu atwbhrr.fs fffajtr.gxols qortrwebxhw no daieaarvs ppannstha sxa yffwdoubleznayqhwchtpenn.n. ecdwthyca mv die yitspe po nvdmorc.uaqdobkaa sx.byfto x.f vl eid.dt e h vraachzothd bgq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 241 fit: -145 chromo: wywja drlwommtjutevucam us tldckuestiot.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindetsisuxfzi.  hkzilxnmu atg hrr.fs fffajtr.gxols qortrwebxhw no daaeaarvs plannstha sxa yffwdovblezhayqhwchtpcmn.n. ecdwthyca ov die yidshe.pp nuxmorc.uaqdoblaa sx byfto h.f vp eid.dt e h.vraach.otnd bgq tvolsand namlralzsquqkub
gen: 242 fit: -145 chromo: wywje drlwoemtjrsexucam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsisuhfzm. whkzjlxnmu atwbhrr.fs fffajtr.gxols qortrwebxhw no daieaarvs ppannstha sxa yffwdoubleznayqhwchtpenn.n. ecdwthyca mv die zitspe po nvdmorc.uaqdobkaa sx.byfto x.f vl eid.dt e h vraachzothd bgq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 243 fit: -145 chromo: wywje drlwoemtjvsexwcam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoble xin the mindftsisudfzm. whkzalxnmu athbhrr.fs fffajtr.gxols qortrwebxhw no daieaarvs ppannstha sxa yffwcoubleznayqhwchtpenn.n. ecdwthyca mv die yitshe po nvdmorc.uaqdobkaa sx.byfto x.f vl eid.dt e h.vraachzothd bgq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 244 fit: -145 chromo: gawje drlwoemtjrsexwcam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsisuhfzm. whkzalxnmu atgdhrr.fs fffajtr.gxols qortrwebxhw no daieaarvs ppannstha sxa yffwdoubleznayqhwchtpcnn.n. ecdwthyaa mv die yitshe po nvdmorc.uaqdobkaa sx.byfto x.h vl eid.dt e h.vraachzothd bgq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 245 fit: -145 chromo: wywje drlwoemtjvsewwcam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoble xin the mindftsisuhfzm. whkzjlxnmu athbhrr.fs fffajtr.gxols qortrwebxhw no daieaarvs ppannstha sxa yffwcoubleznayqhwchtpenn.n. ecdwthyca mv die yitspe po nvdmorc.uaqdobkaa sx.byfto x.f vl eid.dt e hzvraachzothd bgq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 246 fit: -145 chromo: wywje drlwoemtjvsewucan vs tpdccuestiob.gwdetsbo tisznoble xin the mindftsisudfzm. whkzalxnmu atgbhrr.fs fffajtr.gxols qortrwebxhw no daieaarvs llannstda sxa yffwcoubleznayqhwchtpenn.n. ecdwthbca ov die yitsfe pp nvdmorc.uardobkaa sx byfto x.f vl eid.dtse hzvraachzothd bgy tvolsand namlralzsruqkuf
gen: 247 fit: -145 chromo: wywje drlwoemtjvsexucam vs tldckuestioa.gwdetsbo tisznoblecxin the mindftsisuxfzm. whczilxnmu atgbhrr.fs fffajtr.gdols qortrwebxhw no daaeaarvs llannstda sxa yffwtoubleznayqhwchtpenn.n. ecdwtgzca ov die yitsfe.po nvdmorc.uardobkaa sx byfto x.f vl eid.dt e h.vraachzotnd bgy tvolsand namlralysruqkuf
gen: 248 fit: -145 chromo: wywje drlwoemtjvsexucam vs tldckuestioa.gwdetsbo tisznoblecxin the mindftsisuxfzm. whczilxnmu atgbhrr.fs fffajtr.gdols qortrwebxhw no daaeaarvs llannstda sxa yffwtoubleznayqhwchtpenn.n. ecdwtgzca ov die yitsfe.po nvdmorc.uardobkaa sx byfto x.f vl eid.dt e h.vraachzotnd bgy tvolsand namlralysruqkuf
gen: 249 fit: -145 chromo: wywje drlwoemtjv.exucam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbo tisznoblecxincthe mindftsysuxfzm. shczalxnmu atgbhrr.bs fffajtr.gdols qortrwebxhw po daieaarvs llannstda sxa yffwdoubleznayqhwchtpcnn.n. ecdcthzca ov die yitsfe.pp nvdmorc.eardobkaa sx byfto x.f vl eid.dt.e h.vraachzotnd bgy tvolsand namlralysruqkuf
gen: 250 fit: -144 chromo: wywbe drlwoemtjv.ehucam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsisudfzm. whczilxnmu atdahrr.bs fffajtr.gwols qortrwebxhc po daieaarvs.plannstha sxa yffwdoubleznayqhwchtpcnn.n. ecdcthzca ov die yixsfe.po nvdmorc.eardobkaa sx bafto x.f vl eid.dt e h.vraachzoxhd bgy tvolsand namlralysruqkuf
gen: 251 fit: -144 chromo: wywje drlwoemtjv.ewucam vs tpdccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsisudfzm. whczalxnmu asgbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrwebxhw no daieaarvs llannstha sxa yffwcoubleznayqhwchtpenn.nz e dcthzca ov die yitsfe.pp nvdmorc.uardobkaa sw byfto x.f ul eid.dt.e h.vraachzotnd bgy tvolsand namlralysruqkuf
gen: 252 fit: -144 chromo: vywje drlwoemtjvtexucan vs tldckuestioa.gwdetsbo tisznoblecxin the mindftsisuxfza. whczalxnmu atgbgrr.bs fffajtr.gxols qortrwebxhw no daaeaarvs llajnstda sxa yffwdoubleznayqhwchtpcnn.n. ecdcthzca ov die yytsge.po nxdmorc.eardobkaa sv byfto x.f vl eid.dt.e htvraachzotnd bgy tvolsand namlralysruqkuf
gen: 253 fit: -144 chromo: gywje drlwoemtbrtehwcam vs tpdckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsisudfzm. whkzjlxnmu atddhrr.fs fffajtr.gxols qortrwebxhw no daieaarvs plannstha sxa yffwdoublezfayqgxchtpcnn.n. ecdwthzca ov die yytshe.po nvdmorc.eardobkaa sx baftg x.f vl ejd.dt e h.vraachzoxhd bhq tvolsand namlralzsquqkuf
gen: 254 fit: -144 chromo: vywje drlwoemtjvtexucan vs tldckuestioa.gwdetsbo tisznoblecxin the mindftsjsudfza. whczjlxnmu atgagrr.bs fffajtr.gxols qortrwebxhw no daaeaarvs lpannstda sxa iffwdoubleznayqhwchtpenn.n. ecdwthzca ov die yytsge.po nxdmora.uardobkaa sv byfto x.f vl eid.dt e htvraachzntnd agq tvolsand namlralysruskuf
gen: 255 fit: -143 chromo: wywbe drlwoemtbr.exucam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsisudfzm. whczilxnmu asgbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrwebxhw no daaeaarvs llannstha sxa yffwdoubleznayqhwchtpenn.n. e dcthyca ov die yitsfe pp nvdmorc.eardobkaa sw byfto x.f vl eid.dt.e h.vraachzotnd bgq tvolsand namlraljsruqkue
gen: 256 fit: -143 chromo: wywbe drlwoemtbr.exucam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsisudfzm. whczilxnmu asgbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrwebxhw no daaeaarvs llannstha sxa yffwdoubleznayqhwchtpenn.n. e dcthyca ov die yitsfe pp nvdmorc.eardobkaa sw byfto x.f vl eid.dt.e h.vraachzotnd bgq tvolsand namlraljsruqkue
gen: 257 fit: -143 chromo: wytbe drlwoemtjv.exucam vs tpdc uestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsisudfzm. whczalxnmu atgbhrr bs fffajtr.ghols qortrwebxhw no daaeaarvs llannstha sxa yffwdoubleznayqhwchtpenn.n. ecdcthzca ov die yidsve.pp nvdmorc.uardobkaa sw byfto x.f vl eid.dt e h.vraachzotnd bgy tvolsand namlralysruqkuf
gen: 258 fit: -143 chromo: wytbe drlwoemtjv.exucam vs tpdc uestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsisudfzm. whczalxnmu atgbhrr bs fffajtr.ghols qortrwebxhw no daaeaarvs llannstha sxa yffwdoubleznayqhwchtpenn.n. ecdcthzca ov die yidsve.pp nvdmorc.uardobkaa sw byfto x.f vl eid.dt e h.vraachzotnd bgy tvolsand namlralysruqkuf
gen: 259 fit: -143 chromo: wytbe drlwoemtjv.exucam vs tpdc uestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsysudfzm. whczalxnmu atgbhrrkbs fffqjtr.ghols qortrwebxhw no daaeaarvs llannstha sxa yffwdoubleznayqhwchtpenn.n. ecdcthzca ov die yidsve.pp nvdmorc.uardobkaa sw byfto x.f vl eid.dt e h.vraachzotnd bgy tvolsand namlralysruqkuf
gen: 260 fit: -143 chromo: wywbe drlwoemtjr.exucam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin tde mindftsisudfzm. whczilxnmu asdbprr.fs fffajtr.ghols qortrwebxhw no daaeaarvs l.annstda sxa yffwdoublernayqhwchtpenntn. e dcthyca or die yitsfe pp nvdmorc.eaqdobkba sv.byfto x.f vl eid.dt.e h.vraachzntnd bgq tvolsand namlraljsruqkue
gen: 261 fit: -143 chromo: wywbe drlwoemtjr.exucam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin tde mindftsisudfzm. whczilxnmu asdbprr.fs fffajtr.ghols qortrxebxhw no daaeaarvs l.annstda sxa yffwdoublernayqhwchtpenntn. e dcthyca or die yitsfe pp nvdmorc.eaqdobkba sv.byfto x.f vl eid.dt.e h.vraachzntnd bgq tvolsand namlraljsruqkue
gen: 262 fit: -143 chromo: wywbe drlwoemtbr.exucam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsksudfzm. whczalxnmu asgbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrwebxhw no daaeaarvs llannstha sxa yffwdoubleznayqhwchtpenn.n. e dcthzca ov die yitsve pp nvdmorc.uardobkaa sw byfto x.f vl eid.dt.e h.vraachzotnd bgq tvolsand namlralysruqkuf
gen: 263 fit: -142 chromo: wywbe drlwoemtjvrehvcam vs tldckuestiod.gwdutsbo tisznoblecxin the mindftsjsudfzm. whczklxnmu atddhrr.fs fffajtr.ghols qortrwebxhw no daieaarvs plajnstha sxa zffwcoubleznayqhwchtpenn.n. e dsthyaa mv die yitsge.po nvdmorc.uardobiaa sw byfto x.f vl eid.dt e h.uraachzoxnd bhy tvolsand namlralysruqkuf
gen: 264 fit: -142 chromo: wytbe drlwoemtibsexucam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsisudfzm. whczilxnmu atdagrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrwebxpw no daaeaarvs plannstha sxa yffwdoublernayqhwchtpcnn.n. e dcthyca ov die yidsfe pp nvdmorc.uardobkaa swcbyfto x.f rk eid.dt.e h.vraachzotnd bgy tvolsand namlralysruqkuf
gen: 265 fit: -142 chromo: wytbe drlwoemtibsexucam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsisudfzm. whczilxnmu atdagrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrwebxpw no daaeaarvs plannstha sxa yffwdoublernayqhwchtpcnn.n. e dcthyca ov die yidsfe pp nvdmorc.uardobkaa swcbyfto x.f rk eid.dt.e h.vraachzotnd bgy tvolsand namlralysruqkuf
gen: 266 fit: -142 chromo: wywbe drlwoemtirteducam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsjsudfza. whczllxnmu asdbprr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrxebxhw no daaeaarvs llannstda sxa yffwhoublernayqhwohtpenn.n. e dcthzca ov die yixsfe.pp nvdmorc.uardobkaa sw byfto x.f vl eid.dt.e h.vraachzotnd bgq ttolsand namlraljsruqkuf
gen: 267 fit: -142 chromo: wyxbe drlwoemtir.exucan us tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecdin the mindftsisudfzy. xhczilxnmu asdbhrrkbs fffajtr.gdols yortrwebwhw no daaeaarvs llajnstha sxa yffwdoublezhayqhwchtpcnn.n. e dcthaca ov die yatsfe pp nvdmorc.eardobkaa sw byfto w.f vl eid.dt e h.vraachzotnd bgy tvolsand namlralysruqkuf
gen: 268 fit: -141 chromo: wywbe drlwoemtiv.ehvcam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblewxin the mindftsisudfzm. whczalxnmu atdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrwebxhw po caaeaarvs llannstha sxa zfewloublezbayqhwchtpenn.n. ecdcthzca ov die yitsfe.pp nvdmorc.uardobkaa swcbyfto t.h vl eid.dt e h.uraachzotnd bhy tvolsand namlralysquqkue
gen: 269 fit: -141 chromo: wywbe drlwoumtiv.ehvcam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblewxin the mindftsisudfzm. whczalxnmu atdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrwebxhw po caaeaarvs llannstha sxa zfewloublezbayqhwchtpenn.n. ecdcthzca ov die yitsfe.pp nvdmora.uardobkaa swcbyfto t.h vl eid.dt e h.uraachzotnd bhy tvolsand namlralysquqkue
gen: 270 fit: -141 chromo: wywbe drlwoumtiv.ehvcam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblewxin the mindftsisudfzm. whczalxnmu atdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrwebxhw po caaeaarvs llannstha sxa zfewloublezbayqhwchtpenn.n. ecdcthzca ov die yitsfe.pp nvdmora.uardobkaa swcbyfto t.h vl eid.dt e h.uraachzotnd bhy tvolsand namlralysquqkue
gen: 271 fit: -141 chromo: wywbe drlwoumtiv.ehvcam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblewxin the mindftsisudfzm. whczalxnmu atdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrwebxhw po caaeaarvs llannstha sxa zfewloublezbayqhwchtpenn.n. ecdcthzca ov die yitsfe.pp nvdmora.uardobkaa swcbyfto t.h vl eid.dt e h.uraachzotnd bhy tvolsand namlralysquqkue
gen: 272 fit: -141 chromo: wywbe drjwoemtirtexucam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbo tisznoblecxin the mindftsjsudfzm. whszilwnmu atdbhrrkbs ffbajtr.gdols qortrsebxhw no daaeaarvs llannstda swa yffwdoublezmayqhcchtpenn.n. e d thyca ov die yitsfe.pp nvdmora.eardobkaa sxcbyfto w.v vl eid.dt e h.uraachzntnd bgy tvolsand namlraljsruqkuf
gen: 273 fit: -140 chromo: wywbe drlwoemtirtehucam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsjsudfzm. whczklwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrsebxow po paaeaarvs llannstda swa yffwdoublezmayqhwohtpcnn.n. e d thyca ov die yitsfe.pp nvdmorc.uardobkaa sw byfto x.f vl eid.dt e h.uraachzntnd bgy tvolsand namlraljsruqkuf
gen: 274 fit: -140 chromo: wywbe drlwoemtirtehucam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsjsudfzm. whczklwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrsebxow po paaeaarvs llannstda swa yffwdoublezmayqhwohtpcnn.n. e d thyca ov die yitsfe.pp nvdmorc.uardobkaa sw byfto x.f vl eid.dt e h.uraachzntnd bgy tvolsand namlraljsruqkuf
gen: 275 fit: -140 chromo: wywbe drlwoemtirtehucam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsjsudfzm. whczklwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrsebxow po paaeaarvs llannstda swa yffwdoublezmayqhwohtpcnn.n. e d thyca ov die yitsfe.pp nvdmorc.uardobkaa sw byfto x.f vl eid.dt e h.uraachzntnd bgy tvolsand namlraljsruqkuf
gen: 276 fit: -140 chromo: wywbe drlwoemtirtehucam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsjsudfzm. whczklwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrsebxow po paaeaarvs llannstda swa yffwdoublezaayqhwohtpcnn.n. e d thyca ov die yitsfe.pp nvdmorc.uardobkaa sw dyfto x.f vl eid.dt e h.uraachzntnd bgy tvolsand namlraljsruqkuf
gen: 277 fit: -140 chromo: wywbe drlwoemtirtehucam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsjsudfzm. whczllwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrsebxow po paaeaarvs llannstda swa yffwboublezaayqhwohtpcnn.n. e d thyca ov die yitsfe.pp nvdmorc.uardobkaa sw dyfto x.h vl eid.dt e h.uraachzntnd bgy tvolsand namlraljsruqkuf
gen: 278 fit: -140 chromo: wywbe drlwoumtir.ehucam vs tldcluestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsjsudfzm. whcrklwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrsebxhw po paaeaarvs llannstda swa zffwdoublezaayqhwdhtpenn.n. ecd thzca ov die yitsfe.pp nbdmora.eardobkaa sw dyfto x.f vl eid.dt e h.uraachzotnd bhy tvolsand namlraljsruqkue
gen: 279 fit: -140 chromo: wywbe drlwoemtiv.ehucam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblewxin the mindftsisudfzm. whcrilxnmu atdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrxebxow no caaeaarvs llannstha swa zffwdoublezbayqhwchtpenn.n. ecdcthzca ov die yitsfe.pp nbdmorc.eardobkaa swcbyfto t.v vl eid.dt e h.uraachzntnd bhq tvolsand namlraljsquqkuf
gen: 280 fit: -140 chromo: wywbe drlwoemtirtehucam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tis.noblecxin the mindftsjsudfzm. whczllwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrsebxow no paaeaarvs llannstda swa yffwboublezaayqhwohtpcnn.n. e d thy a ov die yitsfe.pp nvdmorc.uardobkaa sw dyfto x.f vl eid.dt e h.uraachzntnd bgy tvolsand namlraljsrqqkuf
gen: 281 fit: -140 chromo: wcwbe drlwoemtirtehucam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetcbk tisznoblewxin the mindftsjsudfzm. whczklwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrsebxow mo paaeaarvs llannstda swa affwdoublezaayqhwohtpenn.n. ecd thycakov die yitsfe.pp nvdmorc.uardobkaa swcbyfto t.f vl eid.dt e h.uraachzntnd bhy tvolsand namkralysruqkuf
gen: 282 fit: -140 chromo: wawbe driwoumtirtehvcam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsjsudfzm. whczklxnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrtebxow po paaeaarvs llannstha swa yffwdoublezmayqhwohtpcnn.n. e d thyca ov die yitsfe.po nvdmorc.uardobkaa sw b hto t.f vl eid.dt e h.uraachzotnd agy trolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 283 fit: -139 chromo: wywbe drlwoemtirtehucam us tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblewxin the mindftsysudfzm. whczilwnmu atdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrsebxow mo paaeaarvs llannstda swa affwloublezaayqhwchtpcnn.n. ecd thzca ov die zitsfe.pp nvdmorc.eardobkaa swcdyfto t.f vl eid.dt.e h.uraachzntnd bhy tvolsand namlralysruqkuf
gen: 284 fit: -139 chromo: wywbe drlwoemtirtehucam us tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblewxin the mindftsysudfzm. whczilwnmu atdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrsebxow mo paaeaarvs llannstda swa affwloublezaayqhwchtpcnn.n. ecd thzcy ov die zitsfe.pp nvdmor .eardobkaa swcdyfto t.f vl eid.dt.e h.uraachzntnd bhy tvolsand namlralysruqkuf
gen: 285 fit: -139 chromo: sywbe prlwoemtirtehucam us tlcccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblewxin the mindftsysudfzm. whczklwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrsebxow mo paaeaarvs llannstda swa affwloublezaayqhwchtpcnn.n. e d thzca ov die zitsfe.pp nvdmorc.uardobkaa swcbyfto t.f vl eid.dt.e h.uryachzntnd bhy tvolsand namjralysruqkuf
gen: 286 fit: -139 chromo: wysbe driwoumtivtehucam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsjsudfzm. whczklxnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghoks qortrxebxow po paaeaarvs llannstda swa yffwdoubleqmayqhwohtpcnn.n. ecd thzca ou die yitsfe.po nbdmorc.eardobkaa sw byfto t.f vl eid.dt e hduraachzotnd fhy tvolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 287 fit: -139 chromo: wywbe drlwoemtirtehucam us tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblewxin the mindftsysudfzm. whczilwnmu atdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrsebxow mo paaeaarvs llannstda swa affwloublezaayqhwchtpcnn.n. ecd thzca ov die zitsfe.pp nvdmorc.eardobkaa swcdyfto t.f vl eid.dt.e h.uraachzntnd bhy tvolsand namlralysruqkuf
gen: 288 fit: -139 chromo: wawbe driwoumtirtehvcam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetcbk tisznoblewxin the mindftsjsudfzm. whczklxnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrsebxow po paaeaarvs lkannstda swa yffwdoublezaayqhwohtpenn.n. e d thyca ov die yitsfe.pp nvxmorc.uardobkaa swcb hto t.f vl eid.ct e h.uraachzntnd ahy trolsand namlralysruqkuf
gen: 289 fit: -139 chromo: wawbe driwoumtirtehvcam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetcbk tisznoblewxin the mindftsjsudfzm. whczklxnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrsebxow po paaeaarvs lkannstda swa yffwdoublezaayqhwohtpenn.n. e d thyca ov die yitsfe.pp nvxmorc.uardobkaa swcb hto t.f vl eid.ct e h.uraachzntnd ahy trolsand namlralysruqkuf
gen: 290 fit: -139 chromo: wywbe driwoemtirtehvcam vs tldccuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblewxin the mindfts sudfzm. whczklwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrsebxow po paaeaarvs lkannstda swa affwloublezaayqhwchtpenn.n. e d thzca of die yitsfe.pp nvxmorc.eardobkaa swcd hto x.f vl eid.dt.eyh.urbachzntnd ahy tvolsand namlralysruqkuf
gen: 291 fit: -139 chromo: wywbe driwoumtirtehucam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecdin the mindftsjsudfzm. whczklxnmu aqdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrsebxow mo pabeaarvs lkannstda swa yffsdoubleqaayqhwohtpenn.n. ecd thzca ou die yitsfe.px nbdmorc.eardobkaa sw byfto t.h vl eid.dt e hduraachzotnd bhq tvolsand namlralysruqkvf
gen: 292 fit: -139 chromo: wywbe driwoumtirtehvcam vs tldcsuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecwin the mindftsjsudfzm. whczklcnmu aqdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrsebxow po paaeaarvs lkamnstda swa qffwdoubleqmayqhwohtpcnj.n. ecd thrca ov die yitsfe.po nbdmorc.aardobkaa sw byhto t.h vl eid.dt e h.uraachzotnd fh  tvolsand namlraljszuqkuf
gen: 293 fit: -139 chromo: wywbe driwoumtirtehvcam vs tldcsuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecwin the mindftsjsudfzm. whczklcnmu aqdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrsebxow po paaeaarvs lkamnstda swa qffwdoubleqmayqhwohtpcnj.n. ecd thrca ov die yitsfe.po nbdmorc.aardobkaa sw byhto t.h vl eid.dt e h.uraachzotnd fh  tvolsand namlraljszuqkuf
gen: 294 fit: -139 chromo: wysbe driwoumtivtehvcam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsjsudfzm. shczklcnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghoks qortrsebxow po paaeaarvs lkannstda swa yffwdoubleqmayqhwohtpcnn.n. ecd thzca ou die yitshe.po nbpmorc.eardobkaa sw byfto t.f vl eid.dt e hduraachzotnd fh  tvolsand namjralysquqkuf
gen: 295 fit: -139 chromo: wysbe driwoumtivtehucam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsjsudfzm. whczklwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghoks qortrxebxow po paaeaarvs llannstda sxa yffwdoubleqmayqhwohtpcnn.n. ecd thzca ou die yitsfe.po nbdmorc.eardobkaa sw byfto t.f vl eid.dt e hduraachzotnd fh  tvolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 296 fit: -139 chromo: wysbe drlwoemtirtehucam ws tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsysudfzn. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghoks qortrxebxow po paaeaarus llannstda swa affwdoubleqaayqhwohtpcnn.n. ecd thzca ou die zitshe.po nrdmorc.eardobkaa sw byfto t.h vl eid.dt e h.wrbachzntnd bh  tvolsand namlralysruukuf
gen: 297 fit: -139 chromo: wysbe driwoumtivtehucam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsjsudfzm. whczklwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghoks qortrxebxow po paaeaarvs llannstda sxa yffwdoubleqmayqhwohtpcnn.n. ecd thzca ou die yitsfe.po nbdmorc.eardobkaa sw byfto t.f vl eid.dt e hduraachzotnd fh  tvolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 298 fit: -139 chromo: wysbe driwoumtivtehucam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsjsudfzm. shdzklcnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghoks qortrxebxow po naaeaarvs lkannstda sxa yffwdoubleqmazqhwohtpcnf.n. ecd thzca ou die yitshe.po nbdmorc.eardobkaa swkbyfto t.f vl eid.dt e hduraachzotnd fh  tvolsand namjralysquqkuf
gen: 299 fit: -139 chromo: wysbe driwoumtivtehucam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsjsudfzm. shdzklcnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghoks qortrxebxow po naaeaarvs lkannstda sxa yffwdoubleqmazqhwohtpcnf.n. ecd thzca ou die yitshe.po nbdmorc.eardobkaa swkbyfto t.f vl eid.dt e hduraachzotnd fh  tvolsand namjralysquqkuf
gen: 300 fit: -139 chromo: xysbe driwoumtivtehvcam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftsjsudfzm. shkzklcnmu asdbprr.bs fffajtr.ghoks qortrsebxow po paaeqarvs lkannstda swa yffwdoubleqmayqhwohtpcnn.n. ecd thzca ou die yitshe.po nbpmorc.eardobkaa sw byfto t.f vl eid.dt e hduraachzotnd fh  tvolsand namjralysquqkuf
gen: 301 fit: -138 chromo: wytbe driwoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblexxin the mindfts sudfzm. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortqsebxow po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezmayqhwoetpcjn.n. ecd thzca ou die yi.she.po nrdmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t.h vl eid.ct e hdwrbachzntnd bh  tvolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 302 fit: -138 chromo: wytbe driwoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblexxin the mindfts sudfzm. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortqsebxow po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezmayqhwoetpcjn.n. ecd thzca ou die yi.she.po nrdmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t.h vl eid.ct e hdwrbachzntnd bh  tvolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 303 fit: -138 chromo: wytbe driwoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblexxin the mindfts sudfzm. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortqsebxow po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezmayqhwoetpcjn.n. ecd thzca ou die yi.she.po nrdmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t.h vl eid.ct e hdwrbachzntnd bh  tvolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 304 fit: -138 chromo: wytbe driwoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblexxin the mindfts sudfzm. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortqsebxow po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezmayqhwoetpcjn.n. ecd thzca ou die yi.she.po nrdmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t.h vl eid.ct e hdwrbachzntnd bh  tvolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 305 fit: -138 chromo: wytbe driwoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindfts sudfzm. whczmlwnmu asdbhrrtbs fffajtr.ghols qortqsebxow po paaeaarvs llannstda swa yffwdoublermayqfwoetpcjn.n. ead thzca ou die yi.she.po nrdmorc.eardobkaa sw byfto t.h vl eid.ct e hdwraachzotnd bh  trolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 306 fit: -138 chromo: wytbe driwoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindfts sudfzm. whczmlwnmu asdbhrrtbs fffajtr.ghols qortqsebxow po paaeaarvs llannstda swa yffwdoublermayqfwoetpcjn.n. ead thzca ou die yi.she.po nrdmorc.eardobkaa sw byfto t.h vl eid.ct e hdwraachzotnd bh  trolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 307 fit: -138 chromo: wytbe driwoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblexxin the mindfts sudfzm. xhczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortqsebxow po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezmayqhwoetpcjn.n. ecd thzca ou die yi.she.po nrdmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t.h vl eid.ct e hdwrbachzntnd bh  tvolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 308 fit: -138 chromo: wytbe driwoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblexxin the mindfts sudfzm. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortqsebxow po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezmayqhwoetpcjn.n. ecd thzca ou die yi.she.po nrdmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t.h vl eid.ct e hdwrbachzntnd bh  tvolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 309 fit: -138 chromo: wytbe driwoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblexxin the mindfts sudfzm. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortqsebxow po pabeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezmayqhwoetpcjn.n. ecd thzca ou die yi.she.po nrdmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t.h vl eid.ct e hdwrbachzntnd rh  tvolsand namlralysqvqkuf
gen: 310 fit: -138 chromo: wytbe driwoumtirtehucam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisynoblexxin the mindfts sudfzm. xhczmlwnmu asdahrr.bs fffajtr.ghoks qortqsebxow po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezmayqfwoetpcjn.n. ecd thzca ou die yi.she.po nrdmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto tzh vl eid.ct e hdwraachzntnd fh  tvolsand namlralysquqkwf
gen: 311 fit: -138 chromo: wytbe driwoumtirtehucam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisynoblexxin the mindfts sudfzm. xhczmlwnmu asdahrr.bs fffajtr.ghoks qortqsebxow po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezmayqfwoetpcjn.n. ecd thzca ou die yi.she.po nrdmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto tzh vl eid.ct e hdwraachzntnd fh  tvolsand namlralysquqkwf
gen: 312 fit: -138 chromo: wytbe driwoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftt sudfzn. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrseaxow po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezeayqhw etpcjn.n. ead thzca ou die yi.she.po nrcmorc.uardobkaa sw byfto t h vl eid.dt e hduraachzntnd bh  trolsand namlralysyuqkuf
gen: 313 fit: -138 chromo: wywbe xriwoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblexxin the mindfts sudfzm. xhczklwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffqjtr.ghols qortrsebxog po pabeabrus llannstxa swa yffwdoublezgayqhwoetpcjn.n. ecd thzca ou die ai.she.po nrxmorc.eardobcaa sw bafto t.g vl eid.dt e hdwrbachzntnd fh  tvolsand namlral suuqkue
gen: 314 fit: -138 chromo: wywbe xriwoemtirtehucam vs tpdckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblexxin the mindfts sulfzm. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs bffajtr.ghols qortqtebxow po paaeearus llannstxa swa yffwdoublezgayqhwoatpcjn.n. ecd tpzca ou die yi.she.po nvxmorc.eardobcaa sw byfto t.h vl eid.dt e hdwrbachrotnd rh  tvolsand nailral syuqkue
gen: 315 fit: -138 chromo: wytbe driwoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblexxin the mindfts sudfzm. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortqsebxow po pabeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezmayqhwoetpcjn.n. ecd thzca ou die yi.she.po nrdmorc.uardpbcaa sw byfto t.h vl eid.ct e hdwrbachzntnd rh  tvolsand namlralysqvqkuf
gen: 316 fit: -137 chromo: wywbe xrixoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftt sudfzn. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrseaxog po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezgayqhw etpcjn.n. ead thzca ou die yi she po nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t h vp eid.dt e hdwraachzntnd fh  trolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 317 fit: -137 chromo: wywbe xrixoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftt sudfzn. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrseaxog po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezgayqhw etpcjn.n. ead thzca ou die yi she po nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t h vp eid.dt e hdwraachzntnd fh  trolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 318 fit: -137 chromo: wywbe xrixoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftt sudfzn. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrseaxog po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezgayqhw etpcjn.n. ead thzca ou die yi she po nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t h vp eid.dt e hdwraachzntnd fh  trolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 319 fit: -137 chromo: wywbe xrixoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftt sudfzn. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrseaxog po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezgayqhw etpcjn.n. ead thzca ou die yi she po nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t h vp eid.dt e hdwraachzntnd fh  trolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 320 fit: -137 chromo: wywbe xrixoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftt sudfzn. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrseaxog po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezgayqhw etpcjn.n. ead thzca ou die yi she po nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t h vp eid.dt e hdwraachzntnd fh  trolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 321 fit: -137 chromo: wywbe xrixoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftt sudfzn. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrseaxog po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezgayqhw etpcjn.n. ead thzca ou die yi she po nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t h vp eid.dt e hdwraachzntnd fh  trolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 322 fit: -137 chromo: wywbe xrixoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftt sudfzn. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrseaxog po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezgayqhw etpcjn.n. ead thzca ou die yi she po nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t h vp eid.dt e hdwraachzntnd fh  trolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 323 fit: -137 chromo: wywbe xrixoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftt sudfzn. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrseaxog po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezgayqhw etpcjn.n. ead thzca ou die yi she po nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t h vp eid.dt e hdwraachzntnd fh  trolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 324 fit: -137 chromo: wywbe xrixoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftt sudfzn. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrseaxog po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezgayqhw etpcjn.n. ead thzca ou die yi she po nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t h vp eid.dt e hdwraachzntnd fh  trolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 325 fit: -137 chromo: wywbe xrixoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftt sudfzn. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrseaxog po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezgayqhw etpcjn.n. ead thz a ou die yi she po nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t f vp eid.dt e hdwraachzftnd fh  trolsand namlralysqeqkuf
gen: 326 fit: -137 chromo: wywbe xrixoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftt sudfzn. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrseaxog po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezgayqhw etpcjn.n. ead thz a ou die yi she po nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t f vp eid.dt e hdwraachzftnd fh  trolsand namlralysqeqkuf
gen: 327 fit: -137 chromo: wywbe xrixoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftt sudfzn. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrseaxog po paaeaarus llannst.a swa yffwdoublezgayqhw etpcjn.n. ead thzca ou die yi she po nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t h vp eid.dt e hdwraachzntnd fh  tzolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 328 fit: -137 chromo: wywbe xrixoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftt sudfzn. whczilwnmu asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrseaxog po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezgayqhw etpcjn.n. ead thz a ku die yi she po nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t f vp eid.dt e hdwraachzntnd fh  trolsand nam.ralysquqkuf
gen: 329 fit: -137 chromo: wywbe driwoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestiod.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftt sudfzm. xhczylwnmw asdbhrr.bs fffqjtr.ghols rortrseaxog po paaeqarus llannstda sxa yffwdoublezmayqhwoespcjn.n. ebd thzca ou die yi she po nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t h xp fid.ct e hdwraachzmtnd fh  tvolsand namlral squqkuf
gen: 330 fit: -137 chromo: wywbe xrixoemtirtehucam vs tldckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftt sudfzn. xhczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrseaxow po paaeaarvs llamnstda swa yffwdoublezgayqhw aspcjn.n. ead thzca ou die yi she po nrxmorc.uardobcaa swsbyfto t g vp eid.dt e hxqraachzntnd fh  trolsand namoralysquqkqf
gen: 331 fit: -136 chromo: gytbe drywoemtiztehucam vs tldakuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindftt sudfzm. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffqjtr.ghols rortrseaxog po paaeaarus llannst.a swa yffwdoublezgazqcwoetpcjn.n. ead thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t h vp eid.dt e hcwraachzntnd fh  tzolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 332 fit: -136 chromo: gytbe drywoemtiztehucam vs tldakuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindftt sudfzm. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffqjtr.ghols rortrseaxog po paaeaarus llannst.a swa yffwdoublezgazqcwoetpcjn.n. ead thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t h vp eid.dt e hcwraachzntnd fh  tzolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 333 fit: -136 chromo: wywbe driwoemtiztehucam vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindntt sudfzm. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrtebxow po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezgayrhwoetpcjn.n. ebd thyca oe die yi she po nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw ryfto t h vp eid.dt e hdwraachzntnd bh  trolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 334 fit: -136 chromo: wiwae xriwoumtirtehvcam vs tlbckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindftt sutfzb. whczilwnmu asdbgrr.bs fffajtr.ghols qortrseaxow po paaeaarus llamnstda swa yffwdoublezgayqhwyetpcnn.n. ebd thz a ou die zi she po nrcmord.uardobcaa sw bybto t h rp eid.dt e hpwraachzntnd fh  trolsand nampral sruqkuf
gen: 335 fit: -136 chromo: gytbe drywoemtiztehucam vs tldakuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindftt sudfbm. whczilwnmv asdbhrr bs fffqjtr.ghols rortrseaxog po paaeaarus llannst.a swa yffwdoublezgazqcwoetpcjn.n. ead thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw byfto t h vp eid.dt e hcwraachzntnd fh  tzolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 336 fit: -136 chromo: wywbe driwoemtiztehucam vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindntt sudfzm. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrtebxow po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezgayrhwoetpcjn.n. ebd thyca oe die yi she po nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw ryfto t h vp eid.dt e hdwraachzntnd bh  trolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 337 fit: -136 chromo: wywbe driwoemtiztehucam vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsbk tisznoblecxin the mindntt sudfzm. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrtebxow po paaeaarus llannstda swa yffwdoublezgayrhwoetpcjn.n. ebd thyca oe die yi she po nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw ryfto t h vp eid.dt e hdwraachzntnd bh  trolsand namlralysquqkuf
gen: 338 fit: -135 chromo: gytbe drywoemtiztehucam vs thdakuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindntt sudfym. wxczilwnmv asdbhrr bs fffqjtr.ghols rortrteaxog po paaeaarus llannst.a sca yffwdoublezgayqhwoexpcjn.n. ead thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.uardobcaa sw ryfto t h vp eid.dt e hcwraachzntnd bh  tzolsand namlral squqkuf
gen: 339 fit: -135 chromo: gytbe drywoemtiztehvcam vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindftt susfbm. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffqjtr.gfols rortqseaxog po paaeaarus llannstxa sca yffwdoublezgazqhwoetpcjn.n. ead thz a ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.wardobcaa sw ryfto t g vp eid.dt e hcwraachzntnd rh  trolsand namlral squqluf
gen: 340 fit: -134 chromo: gawbe drywoemtirtehvcam vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletvin the mindntt sutfym. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrteaxog po paaeuarus llannst.a swa yffwdoublezgayqhwoetpcjn.n. ebd thzca oe die yi sheypo nrxmorc.uardpbcaa sw ryfto t h vp eid.xt e hcwraachzntnd bh  trolsand namlral squqkuf
gen: 341 fit: -134 chromo: gawbe drywoemtirtehvcam vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletvin the mindntt sutfym. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrteaxog po paaeuarus llannst.a swa yffwdoublezgayqhwoetpcjn.n. ebd thzca oe die yi sheypo nrxmorc.uardpbcaa sw ryfto t h vp eid.xt e hcwraachzntnd bh  trolsand namlral squqkuf
gen: 342 fit: -134 chromo: gawbe drywoemtirtehvcam vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletvin the mindntt sutfym. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrteaxog po paaeuarus llannst.a swa yffwdoublezgayqhwoetpcjn.n. ebd thzca oe die yi sheypo nrxmorc.uardpbcaa sw ryfto t h vp eid.xt e hcwraachzntnd bh  trolsand namlral squqkuf
gen: 343 fit: -134 chromo: gawbe drywoemtirtehvcam vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletvin the mindntt sutfym. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrteaxog po paaeuarus llannst.a swa yffwdoublezgayqhwoetpcjn.n. ebd thzca oe die yi sheypo nrxmorc.uardpbcaa sw ryfto t h vp eid.xt e hcwraachzntnd bh  trolsand namlral squqkuf
gen: 344 fit: -134 chromo: gawbe drywoemtirtehvcam vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletvin the mindntt sutfym. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffajtr.ghols rortrteaxog po paaeuarus llannst.a swa yffwdoublezgayqhwoetpcjn.n. ebd thzca oe die yi sheypo nrxmorc.uardpbcaa sw ryfto t h vp eid.xt e hcwraachzntnd bh  trolsand namlral squqkuf
gen: 345 fit: -134 chromo: gatbe drywoemtirtehvcam vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindftt sutfym. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffqjtr.gfols rortqteaxog po paaeaarus llannst.a swa yffwdoublezgazqhwoetpcjn.n. ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto t g vp eid.xt e hcwraachzntnd bh  troksand namlral squqkuf
gen: 346 fit: -134 chromo: gatbe drywoemtirtehvcam vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindftt sutfym. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffqjtr.gfols rortqteaxog po paaeaarus llannst.a swa yffwdoublezgazqhwoetpcjn.n. ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto t g vp eid.xt e hcwraach.ntnd bh  troksand namlral squqkuf
gen: 347 fit: -134 chromo: gatbe drywoemtirtehvcam vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindftt sutfym. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffqjtr.gfols rortqteaxog po paaeaarus llannst.a swa yffwdoublezgazqhwoetpcjn.n. ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto t g vp eid.xt e hcwraach.ntnd bh  troksand namlral squqkuf
gen: 348 fit: -134 chromo: gytbe dryxoemtirtehvcam vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindftt sutfyn. whczilwnnv asdbhrr.bs fffqjtr.gfols rortqteahog po paaeaarus plannstxa swa yffcdoublezgazqhwoetpcjn.n. ead thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.qardpbcaa sw ryfto t g vp eid.xt.e hcwraachzntnd bh  troksand nampral squqkuf
gen: 349 fit: -133 chromo: gywbe dryxoemtirtehvcam vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindntt sudfym. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffqjtr.ghols rortq.eahog po paaebarus llannstxa swa yffwdoublezgayqhwoetpcjn.n. ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.wardpbcia sw ryfto s g vp eid.xt e hcwraachzntnd bh  troksand nampral squqkuf
gen: 350 fit: -133 chromo: gywbe dryxoemtirtehvcam vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindntt sudfym. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffqjtr.ghols rortq.eahog po paaebarus llannstxa swa yffwdoublezgayqhwoetpcjn.n. ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.wardpbcia sw ryfto s g vp eid.xt e hcwraachzntnd bh  troksand nampral squqkuf
gen: 351 fit: -133 chromo: gatbe drywoemtirtehvcam vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletwin the mindftt sutfyn. whczalwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffqjtr.ghols rortqteaxog po paaeaarus llannst.a swa yffwdoublezgayqhwyetpcjn.n. ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto t g vp eid.xt e hcsraachzntnd bh  troksand namlral squqkuf
gen: 352 fit: -133 chromo: gywbe dryxoemtirtehvcam vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindntt sudfym. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffqjtr.ghols rortq.eahog po paaebarus llannstxa swa yffwdoublezgayqhwoetpcjn.n. ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.wardpbcia sw ryfto s g vp eid.xt e hcwraachzntnd bh  troksand nampral squqkuf
gen: 353 fit: -133 chromo: gywbe dryxoemtirtehvcao vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindntt sudfym. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffqjtr.ghols rortq.eahog po paaebarus llannstxa swa yffwdoublezgayqhwoetpcjn.n. ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.wardpbcia sw ryfto s g vp eid.xt e hcwraachzntnd bh  troksand nampral squqkuf
gen: 354 fit: -133 chromo: gatbe dryxoemtirtehvcam vs thdckuestioh.gwdetcek tisznobletwin the mindftt sutfzm. whczalwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffqjtr.ghols rortqteaxog po paaeaarus llannst.a swa yffwdoublezgayqhwyetpcjn.n. ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s g vp eid.xt e gcsraach.ntnd bh  troksand namlral squqkuf
gen: 355 fit: -132 chromo: gyxbe dr xoemtirtehvcao vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindntt sudfym. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffqjtr.ghols rortr.eaxog po paaebarus llannstxa swa yffwcoublezgayqhwoetpcjn.nt ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcwraachzntnd fh  trolsand namlral squqkuf
gen: 356 fit: -132 chromo: gyxbe dr xoemtirtehvcao vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindntt sudfym. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffqjtr.ghols rortr.eaxog po paaebarus llannstxa swa yffwcoublezgayqhgoetpcjn.nt ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcwraachzntnd fh  trolsand namlral squqkuf
gen: 357 fit: -132 chromo: gyxbe dr xoemtirtehvcao vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindntt sudfym. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffqjtr.ghols rortr.eaxog po paaebarus llannstxa swa yffwcoublezgayqhgoetpcjn.nt ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcwraachzntnd fh  trolsand namlral squqkuf
gen: 358 fit: -132 chromo: gyxbe dr xoemtirtehvcao vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindntt sudfym. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffqjtr.ghols rortr.eaxog po paaebarus llannstxa swa yffwcoublezgayqhgoetpcjn.nt ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcwraachzntnd fh  trolsand namlral squqkuf
gen: 359 fit: -132 chromo: gyxbe dr xoemtirtehvcao vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindntt sudfym. whczilwnmv asdbhrr.bs fffqjtr.ghols rortr.eaxog po paaebarus llannstxa swa yffwcoublezgayqhgoetpcjn.nt ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcwraachzntnd fh  trolsand namlral squqkuf
gen: 360 fit: -132 chromo: gyxbe dr woemtir.ehvcam vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindntt sudfym. whczilwnmv awdbdrrdbs fffqjtr.gfols rortqtfaxog po paaeaarus llannstxa swa yffwdoublezgayqhwyetpcjn.n. ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vp eid.xt.e hdwraachzntnd bh  troksand nampral suuqkuf
gen: 361 fit: -132 chromo: gaxbe dr xoemtirtehvcap vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the minditt sudfym. thczilwnmv atdbhrrdbs fffqjtr.ghols rortr.eaxog po paaeaarus llannst.a swa yffwcouble.gayqhgyetpcjn.n. ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nqxmorc.wardpbcia sw ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcsraach.ntnd fh  trolsanc namprcl squqkqf
gen: 362 fit: -131 chromo: hywbe dr xoemtirtehvcam vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindftt sudfym. thczilwnmv asdbhrrdbs fffqjtr.cfols rortr.eaxog po paaebarus llannst a swa yffwcoublergayqhgoetpcjn.nt ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nqxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s g vo eid.xt e hcsraachzntnd fh  trolsand namlral squqkqf
gen: 363 fit: -131 chromo: hywbe dr xoemtirtehvcam vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindftt sudfym. thczilwnmv asdbhrrdbs fffqjtr.cfols rortr.eaxog po paaebarus llannst a swa yffwcoublergayqhgoetpcjn.nt ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nqxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s g vo eid.xt e hcsraachzntnd fh  trolsand namlral squqkqf
gen: 364 fit: -131 chromo: gyxbe dr xoemtirtexbcam vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindntt sudfym. thczilwnmv asdvgrr.bs fffqjtr.ghols rortrteaxog po paaebarus llannstxa swa yffwcoublezgayqhwyetpcjn.nt ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcwraach.ntnd fh  trolsand namjralcsquqkuf
gen: 365 fit: -131 chromo: gaxbe dr xoemtirrehvcao us thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindntt sudfym. thczilwnmv asdbhrrdbs fffqjtr.ghols rortr.eaxog po paaeaarus llannstxa swa yffwcoublezga qhwyetpcjn.nt ebd thzca pu die yi sheypo nqxmorc.warddbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcwrcachzntnd fx  trolsand namjral squqkuf
gen: 366 fit: -130 chromo: gyxbe dr xoemtir.ehvcao vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindntt sudfym. thczalwnmv aqdbdrrlbs fffqjtr.ghols rortr.eahox po paaeaarus llannstxa swa yffwcoublezgayqhwyetpcjn.n  ebd thzca ou die yi sheypk nrxmorc.wardpbcaa swsryfto s h vp eid.xt.e hcwraachzntnd fh  troksand nampral squqkuf
gen: 367 fit: -130 chromo: gawbe or xoemtivtehvcao vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin tge mindftt sudfym. thcbilwnmv asdbdrr.bs effqjtr.gfols rortrteaxog po paaeaarus llannst a swa yffwcoublezeayqhgyetpcjn.nt ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nqxmorc.wardpbcaa cw ryfto s g vp eid.xt e hcsraachzntnd fh  trolsand nanpral squqkqf
gen: 368 fit: -130 chromo: gyxbe dr xoemtirtefvcam vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the minditt sudfym. thczilwnmv asdvhrrdbs fffqjtr.ghojs rortrteaxog po paaeaarws llannstxa swa yffwcoublezgayrhwyetpcjn.ns ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcsraach.ntnd fh  trolsand nampral squqkuf
gen: 369 fit: -130 chromo: gyxbe dr xoemtirtefvcam vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the minditt sudfym. thczilwnmv asdvhrrdbs fffqjtr.ghojs rortrteaxog po paaeaarws llannstxa swa yffwcoublezgayrhwyetpcjn.ns ebd thzca ou die yi sheypo nrxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcsraach.ntnd fh  trolsand nampral squqkuf
gen: 370 fit: -130 chromo: gyxbe dr xogmtibrehvcam us thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the minditt sudfzm. thczilwnmv ashbhrrdbs fffqjtr.ghols rortr.eaxog po paaefarus llannst a swa yffsdouble.gayrhgyetpcjn.nt ebd thz a ou die yi sheypn nqxmorc.uarddbcaa sx ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcwraachzmtnd bh  trolsand nampral squqkuf
gen: 371 fit: -130 chromo: gyxbe dr xogmtibrehvcam us thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the minditt sudfzm. thczilwnmv ashbhrrdbs fffqjtr.ghols rortr.eaxog po paaefarus llannst a swa yffsdouble.gayrhgyetpcjn.nt ebd thz a ou die yi sheypn nqxmorc.uarddbcaa sx ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcwraachzmtnd bh  trolsand nampral squqkuf
gen: 372 fit: -130 chromo: gyxbe dr xoemtjrtefvcam vs thdckuestioh.ewdetsek tisznobletxin the minditt sudfym. thczilwnmv asdbgrrdbs fffqjtr.gfojs rortr.eaxog po paaebarws llajnstxa swa yffwcoublezgayrhgyetpcjn.ns ezd thzca ou die yi sheypo nvxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s d vh eid.xt e hcsraach.ntnd fh  trolsand nampral squqkuf
gen: 373 fit: -130 chromo: gaxbe or xoemtivtehvcao vs thbckuestimh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindftt sudfyn. thcbilwnmv esdbhrr.bs effqjtr.ghols rortr.eaxog po paaeaarus llannst a swa yffwcouble.eayqhgyetpcjn.nt ebd thz a ou die yi sheypo nqxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s g vp eid.xt e hcsraach.ntnd bh  trolsand nanpral squqkqf
gen: 374 fit: -130 chromo: gaxbe or xoeitirtehvcao vs thdckuestikh.gwdetsek tisznobletxip the mindntt sudfym. thcbilwnmv asdbdrrlbs fffqjtr.ghols rortrteaxog po paaeaarus llannst a swa affwcoublezgayqhwyetpcjn.n  ebd thzca ou die yi speypk nqxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcwraachzntnd eh  troksand nanjral squqkqf
gen: 375 fit: -130 chromo: gyubu or xoemtyrtehvcam us thbckuestioh.gwdetsel tisznobletxin the minditt sudfym. thcnilwnmv asdbhrr.bs uffqztr.ghols rortrteaxog po paaeaarus llannst a sua yffwcoublezeayrhwyetpcjn.nt ebd thzca ou die yi sheypk nrxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vp eid.xd e hcsryachzntnd fh  trolsand namjral squqkqf
gen: 376 fit: -130 chromo: gyxbe cr xogmtibteffcam vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tiszbobletxin the minditt sudfzm. thczilwnmv asdbhrrdbs fffqjtr.ghols zortzteaxog po paaeaarws llannst a swa yffscouble.gayrhgyetpcjn.nt ebd thzca ou die yj sheypn nqxmorc.uarddbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcsraach.mtnd fh  tqolsand nampral squqkuf
gen: 377 fit: -130 chromo: gyxbe cr xogmtibteffcam vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tiszbobletxin the minditt sudfzm. thczilwnmv asdbhrrdbs fffqjtr.ghols zortzteaxog po paaeaarws llannst a swa yffscouble.gayrhgyetpcjn.nt ebd thzca ou die yj sheypn nqxmorc.uarddbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcsraach.mtnd fh  tqolsand nampral squqkuf
gen: 378 fit: -130 chromo: gyubu or xoemtyvtepvcam us thbckuestioh.gwdetsel tisznobletxin tge minditt sudfym. thczalwnov asdbhrr.bs effqztr.gfols rortr.eaxog po paaefarus llannst a sua yffwaoublezeayrhwyetpcjn.nt evd thzca ou die yi sheypk nrxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vh eid.xt.e hcsraachzntnd bh  trolsand namjral squqkqf
gen: 379 fit: -130 chromo: gyxbe cr xogmtibteffcam vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tiszbobletxin the minditt sudfzm. thczilwnmv asdbhrrdbs fffqjtr.ghols zortzteaxog po paaeaarws llannst a swa yffscouble.gayrhgyetpcjn.nt ebd thzca ou die yj sheypn nqxmorc.uarddbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcsraach.mtnd fh  tqolsand nampral squqkuf
gen: 380 fit: -129 chromo: gaube or xoemtirtehvcao vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the minditt sudfym. thcnilwnmv asdbhrrdbs uffqztr.gfols rortrteaxog po paaeaarus llannst a sua yffwcouble.eayqhwyetpcjn.nt ebd thzca ou die ym sheypk nqxmorc.wardpbcia swsvyfto s h vp eid.xt e hcsraachzntnd fh  trolsand nanptal squqkqf
gen: 381 fit: -129 chromo: gaube or xoemtirtehvcao vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the minditt sudfym. thcnilwnmv asdbhrrdbs uffqztr.gfols rortrteaxog po paaeaarus llannst a sua yffwcouble.eayqhwyetpcjn.nt ebd thzca ou die ym sheypk nqxmorc.wardpbcia swsvyfto s h vp eid.xt e hcsraachzntnd fh  trolsand nanptal squqkqf
gen: 382 fit: -129 chromo: gaube or xoemtirtehvcao vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the minditt sudfym. thcnilwnmv asdbhrrdbs uffqztr.gfols rortrteaxog po paaeaarus llannst a sua yffwcouble.eayqhwyetpcjn.nt ebd thzca ou die ym sheypk nqxmorc.wardpbcia swsvyfto s h vp eid.xt e hcsraachzntnd fh  trolsand nanptal squqkqf
gen: 383 fit: -129 chromo: gaxbe or xoemtirtehfcan vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsel tisznobletxin the minditt sudfam. thcnalwnmv asdbgrrdbs uffqztr.gfols rortr.eaxog po paaeaarus llannst a swa yffwcouble.eayqhwyetpcjn.nt ebd thzca ou die ym sheypk nqxmorc.uardpbcia swsryfto s h vh eid.xt.e hcsraachzntbd bh  tqolsand nampral squqkuf
gen: 384 fit: -129 chromo: gaxbe or xogmtir.ehfcao vs thbckaestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindntt sudfym. thcbilwnmv asdbhrr.bs uffqjtr.gfols rortrteaxox po paaeaarus llannst a sua yffwcoublezeayqhwyetpsjn.nt ebd thzcm ou die yi speypk nqxmora.wardpbcaa swsryfto syp vp eid.xt e hcsrcachzmtnd fh  tzolsand nanpral syuqkqf
gen: 385 fit: -129 chromo: gawbe or xoumtirtehfcan vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindntt qudfzm. thcbalwnmv asdbhrrdbs uffqjtr.ghols zortrtecxog po paaeaarws llannst a swa yffwcouble.eayqhgyetpsjp.nt ebd thzcm ou die yi speypo nqxmora.wardpbaaa sw ryfto s p vp eid.xt.e hcsrcachzmtnd bh  tzoksand nappral syuqkqf
gen: 386 fit: -129 chromo: gyube or xogitirtexfcam vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindntt sudfym. thcbilwnmv asdbhrrdbs fffqjtr.ghols rortrteaxog po paaeaarus llannst a swa yffwaoublezgayshgyetpcjn.n  evd thzca ou die yi sheypk nqwmorc.wardpbaaa sxsryfto s p vp eyd.xt e hcqrcachyetnd fh  tzolsan. namjral squqkqf
gen: 387 fit: -129 chromo: gyxbe or xogmtirtehfcam vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindntt sudfzm. thczilwnmv asdbhrrdbs fffqztr.ghods rortrteaxog po paaeaarvs llannst a swa affsaoublezgayqhgyetpcjn.ns evd thzca ou die ym sheypk nrhmorc.wardpbcaa sx tyfto s h vg eid.xt.e hcsraachyetnd bh  tqolsan. nampral squqkuf
gen: 388 fit: -128 chromo: gyxbe or xoemtirlepvcao vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznoblerxin the mindntt svbfym. thcbilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqztr.gfols rortrtecxog po paaebarus ljannst a swa yffwaouble.eayqhwyetpcjp.nt ebd thzca ou die yi sheypk nqxmorc.uardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcwraachzntnd eh  tqolsand nampral sqaqkuf
gen: 389 fit: -128 chromo: gyxbe or xoemtirlepvcao vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznoblerxin the mindntt svbfym. thcbilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqztr.gfols rortrtecxog po paaebarus ljannst a swa yffwaouble.eayqhwyetpcjp.nt ebd thzca ou die yi sheypk nqxmorc.uardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcwraachzntnd eh  tqolsand nampral sqaqkuf
gen: 390 fit: -128 chromo: gyxbe or xoemtirlepvcao vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznoblerxin the mindntt svbfym. thcbilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqztr.gfols rortrtecxog po paaebarus ljannst a swa yffwaouble.eayqhwyetpcjp.nt ebd thzca ou die yi sheypk nqxmorc.uardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcwraachzntnd eh  tqolsand nampral sqaqkuf
gen: 391 fit: -128 chromo: gyxbe or xogmtirlepvcao vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznoblerxin the mindntt sudfzm. thcbilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqztr.ghojs rortrte xog po paaebarus llannst a swa yffwaouble.gayqhgyetpcjp.nt evd thzca ou die yi sheypk nqxmorc.wardpbcaa sx tyfto s h vp eid.xt.e hcsraachyetnd bh  tqolsan. nampral sqaqkuf
gen: 392 fit: -128 chromo: gyxbe or xoemtirlepvcam vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznoblerxin the mindits sudfym. thczilwnmv asdbgrrdbs uffqztr.gfols rortrteaxog po paaebarbs llannst a swa affwaoublezeayqhwyetpcjn.nt efd thzca ou die ym sheypk nrxmorc.uardpbcaa sx ryftoys h vp eid.xt.e hcsraachzmtnd eh  tzolsand nampral squqkuf
gen: 393 fit: -128 chromo: gyxbe or xogmtirtehfcao vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the minxntd sudfym. thczilwnmv asdbgrrdbs fffqztr.geols rortrrecxog po paaebarus llannst a swa affwaoublezeayqhwyetpcjp.ns ebd thzcm ou die yi speypk nqxmorc.wardpbcaa sxsryfto s b vp eid.xt e hcwrcachymtnd bh  tzolsand nampral squqkuf
gen: 394 fit: -128 chromo: gyxbe or xoemtirlehfcam vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznoblerxin the mindntt sudfam. thczilwnmv asdbgrrpbs ffvqjtrdghols rortrteaxog po paeebarus llannst a swa yffscoublezgayqhwyetpcjp.nt evd thzcm ou die yi speypk nqhmorc.uardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcwraachyetnd eh  tqolsand nampzal squqkuf
gen: 395 fit: -128 chromo: gyxbe or xoemtirlepvcao vs thbcluestioh.gwdetsek tisznoblerxin the mindits sudfym. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqztr.geols rordqteaxog po paaebarbs llannst a swa affwaoublezeayqhwyetpcjn.nt efd thzca ou die ym wheypk nrxmorc.uardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vp eid.xt.e hcsryachymtnd eh  tzolsand nampral squqkuf
gen: 396 fit: -128 chromo: gyxbe or xogmtirtehfcao vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznoblerxin the mindntt subfzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqztr.gfols rortrte xog po paaeaarvs ljannst a swa yffwaoublezgayqhwyetpcjp.ns evd thzca ou die yi sheypk nqxmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vp eid.xt.e hcsraachyetnd bh  tqolsan. nampral sqaqkuf
gen: 397 fit: -128 chromo: gyxbe or xoemtirlepvcao vs thbcluestioh.gwdetsek tisznobletxin the mindntt subfzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortqte xog po paaebarbs llannst a swa affwaoublebeayqhwyetpcjn.ns ebd thzca ou die ym wheypk nqxmorc.uardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcsryachyetnd eh  tzolsand nampral sqaqkuf
gen: 398 fit: -128 chromo: gyube or xoemtirlepfcao vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznoblerxin the minditd subfym. thcbilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqztr.gfols rortrteaxog no paaeaarvs ljannst a sxa affsaoublergayqhgyetpcjp.ns evd thzca ou dje yj sheypk nqhmorc.uardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vh emd.xt.e hcqraachzetnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqaqkuf
gen: 399 fit: -128 chromo: gyxbe or xoemtirtehfcao vs thdckuestioh.wwdetsek tisznoblerxin the mindntt subfzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqztrzgfols rortrtecxog po paaeaarvs jjannst a swa affwaoublezeayqhxyetpcjp.ns evd thzca ou die ym sheypk nqhmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcsraachyntnd bh  tqolsan. nampral sqaqkuf
gen: 400 fit: -127 chromo: gyxbe orcxoemtirlepvaao vs thvcluestioh.gwdetsek tisznoblerxin the mindntt subfym. thcbilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqztr.geols rortqte xog po paaebarbs llannst a swa affwboublezeayqhwyetpcjn.ns ebd thzca ou die ym she pk nqxmorc.uardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vp eid.xt.e hcsraachyntnd eh  trolsand nampral sqbqkuf
gen: 401 fit: -126 chromo: gyxbe or xoemtirlehfcao vs thbdluestioh.gwdetsek tisznoblerxin the mindntt subfzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdbs qffqytr.geols rortrte xog no paaebarbs llannst a swa affwaoublereayqhwyetpcjp ns ebd thzca ou die yi sheypk nyhmorc.uardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcsryachzetnd bhy tyolsand nampral sqaqkuv
gen: 402 fit: -126 chromo: gyxbe or xoemtirlehfcao vs thbdluestioh.gwdetsek tisznoblerxin the mindntt subfzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdbs qffqytr.geols rortrte xog no paaebarbs llannst a swa affwaoublereayqhwyetpcjp ns ebd thzca ou die yi sheypk nyhmorc.uardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcsryachzetnd bhy tyolsand nampral sqaqkuv
gen: 403 fit: -126 chromo: gyxbe or xoemtirlehfcao vs thbdluestioh.gwdetsek tisznoblerxin the mindntt subfzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdbs qffqytr.geols rortrte xog no paaebarbs llannst a swa affwaoublereayqhwyatpcjp ns ebd thzca ou die yi sheypk nyhmorc.uardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcsryachzetnd bhy tyolsand nampral sqaqkuv
gen: 404 fit: -126 chromo: gyxbe or xoemtirtehvcao vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznoblerxin the mindntt subfzm. thdzilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqztrzgeols rortrte xog po paaebarbs jjannst a swa affwaoublezea qhwyetpcjp.ns ebd thzca ou die ya sheypk nqhmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcwraachymtnd bh  tqolsand nampral sqwqkuf
gen: 405 fit: -126 chromo: gyxbe or xoemtirtehvcao vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznoblerxin the mindntt subfzm. thdzilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqztrzgeols rortrte xog po paaebarbs jjannst a swa affwaoublezea qhwyetpcjp.ns ebd thzca ou die ya sheypk nqhmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcwraachymtnd bh  tqolsand nampral sqwqkuf
gen: 406 fit: -126 chromo: gyxbe or xoemtirtehvcao vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznoblerxin the mindntt subfzm. thdzilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqztrzgeols rortrte xog po paaebarbs jjannst a swa affwaoublezea qhwyetpcjp.ns ebd thzca ou die ya sheypk nqhmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcwraachymtnd bh  tqolsand nampral sqwqkuf
gen: 407 fit: -126 chromo: gyvbe or xogmtirlehfcao vs thbdluestioh.gwdetsek tisznoblerxin the mindmtt subfzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdbs qffqjtr.geols rortrte xog no paaebarbs llannst a swa affwaoublereayqhwyatpcjp.ns ebd thzca ou die yi sheypk nqhmorc.uardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcsryachzetnd ehy tqolsand nampral sqaqkuv
gen: 408 fit: -126 chromo: gyxbe or xoemtirtehvcao vs thdckuestioh.gwdetsek tisznoblerxin the mindntt subfzm. thdzilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqztrzgeols rortrte xog po paaebarbs jjannst a swa affwaoublezea qhwyftpcjp.ns ebd thzca ou die ya sheypk nqhmorc.wardobcaa sx ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcwraachymtnd bh  tqolsand nampral sqwqkuf
gen: 409 fit: -126 chromo: gzxbe or xoemtirtehvcao vs thdckuestioh.gwdetse  tisznoblerxin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqztr.geols rortrtecxog po paaebarbs jlannst a swa affwaouble.ea qhwygtpcjp.ns ebd thzca ou die ym sheypk nqwmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryftoys h vp eid.xt e hcwraach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqwqkwf
gen: 410 fit: -126 chromo: gyvbe or xogmtirlehfcao vs thbdluestioh.gwdetsek tisznoblerxin the mindmtt subfzm. thszilwnmv asdbdrrdbs qffqjtr.geols rortrte xog no paaebarbs llannst a swa affwaoublereayqhwya.pcjp.ns ebd thzca ou die yi sheypk nqhmorc.uardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcsryachzetnd ehy tqolsand nampral sqaqkuv
gen: 411 fit: -126 chromo: gyxbe or xoemtirtehvcao vs thbdkuestioh.ewdetsek tisznoblerxin the mindntt subfym. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortqte xog no daaebarbs jlannst a swa affwaoublereayqhwyatpcjp.ns evd thzaa ou die yi speypk nqhmorc.uardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcsraachyetnd bh  tzolsand nampral sqaqkuv
gen: 412 fit: -126 chromo: gyxbe or hoemtkrtepvcao fs thpckuestioh.gwdettek tisznoblerxin the mindntt subfzm. thdzilwnmv asdbdrrdbs ufbqztrzgeols rortrte xog no paaebarbs llannst a swa affwaoublezea qhwyetpcjp.ns ebd thzca ou die ya sheypk nyhmorc.uardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcwraachymtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sraqkuf
gen: 413 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtirtepvcao vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerxin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortrteaxog po paaebarvs llannst a swa affwboublerea qhwygtpcjp.ns ebd thzca ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcwraach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqaqkuf
gen: 414 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtirtepvcao vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerxin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortrteaxow po paaebarvs llannst a swa affwboublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzca ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcwraach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqaqkuf
gen: 415 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtirtepvcao vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerxin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortrteaxow po paaebarvs llannst a swa affwboublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzca ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcwraach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqaqkuf
gen: 416 fit: -125 chromo: gyxbe or xoemtiztehfcao vs thbdkuestioh.gwdetsel tisznoblerxin the mindmtt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdbs qffsjtr.geols rortrte vog po paaecarvs llannst a swa affwaoublezea qhwyetpcjp.ns ebd thzca ou die ya sheypk nyhmorc.uardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcwryachymtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sraqkuf
gen: 417 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtirtepvcao vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerxin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortrteaxow po paaebarvs llannst a swa affwboublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzca ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcwraach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqaqkuf
gen: 418 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtirtepvcao vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerxin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortrteaxow po paaebarvs llannst a swa affwboublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzca ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcwraach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqaqkuf
gen: 419 fit: -125 chromo: gyvbe or xoemtiblepfcao vs thbckuestioh.gwdetsel tisznoblerxin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortrteaxow po paaecarbs llannst a swa affwaouble.ea qhwygtpcjp.ns ebd thzca ou die yi sheypk nyhmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vp eid.xt e hcsraachzmtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqaqkuf
gen: 420 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtirtepvcao vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortrteaxow po paaebarvs llannst a swa affwboublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzca ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.tt e hcwraach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqaqkuf
gen: 421 fit: -125 chromo: gsxbe or xoemtirtepvcao vs thbdkuestioh.gwdetsel tisznoblerxin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbte xow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwboublereayqhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcxryachymtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sraqkuf
gen: 422 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtirtepvcao vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortrteaxow po paaebarvs llannst a swa affwboublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzca ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.tt e hcwraach mtnd bhs tqolsand namoral sqaqkuf
gen: 423 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtirtepvcao vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortrteaxow po paaebarvs llannst a swa affwboublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzca ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.tt e hcwraach mtnd bhs tqolsand namoral sqaqkuf
gen: 424 fit: -125 chromo: gsxbe or xoemtirlepfcao vs thbdkuestioh.gwdetsel tisznoblerxin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdqs uffsytr.geols rortbteaxow po paaecarbs llannst a swa affwaoublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nypmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcsraachymtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqmqkuf
gen: 425 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtirlepvcao vs thbdkuestioh.gwdetsel tisznoblerxin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdqs uffsytr.geols rortrteaxow po paeecarbs llannst a swa affwaoublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nypmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcwraachymtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqaqkuf
gen: 426 fit: -125 chromo: gyxbe or xoemtirtepfcao vs thbdkuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerxin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbte xow po paaeaarbs klannst a swa affwaoublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nypmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcwraachymtnd bhs tqolsand nanpral sraqkuf
gen: 427 fit: -125 chromo: gyxbe or xoemtjrtepvcao vs thbdkuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerxin the mindntr suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbte xow po paaeaarvs llannst a swa affwboublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcwraachymtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sraqkuf
gen: 428 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtirtepvcao vs thbdkuestioh.gwdetsed tisznoblerxin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortrteaxow po paeecarvs klannst a swa affwaoublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nypmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcwraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqaqkuf
gen: 429 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtirtepvcao vs thbdkuestioh.gwdetsed tisznoblerxin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortrteaxow po paeecarvs klannst a swa affwaoublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nypmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcwraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqaqkuf
gen: 430 fit: -125 chromo: gsxbe or xoemtirlepvcao vs thbdkuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerxin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteaxow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwboublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcsraachymtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqmqkuf
gen: 431 fit: -125 chromo: gsxbe or xoemtirlepvcao vs thbdkuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerxin the mindntt suffzm. thcyilxnmv asdbdrrdqs uffsjtr.geols rortbte xow no oaaeaards llannst a swa bffwaoublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzca ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aardpbcaa swcryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcwraachymtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqaqkuf
gen: 432 fit: -125 chromo: gsxbe or xoemtirlepvcao vs thbdkuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerxin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdqs uffsytr.geols rortbtebxow po paeecarbs llannst a sxa affwaoublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nypmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto syh vh eid.xt e hcsraachymtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqmqkun
gen: 433 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtiqlepvcao vs thbdiuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortbteaxow po paaebarbs llannst a swa affwboublerea qhxygtpcjh.ns ebd thzca ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcsraachymtnd bhs tqolsand namoral sqmqkuf
gen: 434 fit: -125 chromo: gsxbe or xoemtirtepvcak vs thbciuestioh.swdetsep tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdvdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortrteaxow po paaeiarvs llannst a swa affwboublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thrca ou die ya sxeypk nyxmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.tt e hcwraach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqaqkuf
gen: 435 fit: -125 chromo: gtxbe or xoemtirlepvcao vs thbdkuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerxin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdqs uffsytr.geols rortbtebxow po paeecarbs llannst a sxa afewaoublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nypmorc.wardpbcaa sw ryfto syh vh eid.xt e hcsraachymtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqmqkun
gen: 436 fit: -125 chromo: gsxbe or xoemtirtepvcao vs thbdkuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerxin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteaxow po paeeiarvs llannst a sxa affwboublerea qhwywtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nypmorc.aardobcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcwraachymtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqmqkuf
gen: 437 fit: -125 chromo: gsxbe or xoemtirlepvcao vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerxin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortqtebxow po paaeiarvs llannst a swa affwboublerea qhwygtpdjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nypmorc.aardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.tt e hcwraachymtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqaqkun
gen: 438 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtiqlepvcao vs thbciuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindnts suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortbteaxow po paaebarbs llannst a swa affwaouble.ea qhxygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hawraach mdnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 439 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xommtirtepvcak vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortrteaxow po paaebarbs llannst a swa affwaoublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.tt e hcwryach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 440 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtirlepvcao vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteaxow po paaebarbs llannst a swa affwbouble.ea qhxygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ov die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aardpbcaa swcryfto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd bhy tqolsand namoral sqyqkuf
gen: 441 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xommtmrtepvcao vs thbciuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortrteaxow po paaebarbs llannst a swa affwaoublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcwraachymdnd bhs tqolsand namoral sqyqkue
gen: 442 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xommtirtepvcak vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortrteaxow po paaebarbs llannst a swa affwaoublereakqhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.tt e hcwryach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 443 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xommtirtepvcak vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortrteaxow po paaebarbs llannst a swa affwaoublereakqhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.tt e hcwryach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 444 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xommtirtepvcak vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortrteaxow po paaebarbs llannst a swa affwaoublereakqhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.tt e hcwryach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 445 fit: -125 chromo: g dbe or xoemtirtepvcak vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortrteaxow po oaaebarns llannst a swa affwaoublereayqhxygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ov die ya sheypk nyxmorc.wardpbcaa swcryfto s h vh eyd.ttke hasraachymtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqmqkuf
gen: 446 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xommtiqtepvcao vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindnts suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortbteyxow po paaebarbs llannst a swa affwaouble.ea qhxygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.wardpbcaa st ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hawraach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 447 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtirtepvcao vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortbte xow po paaebarbs llannst a swa affwaoublerea qhxygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.wardpbcaa st ryfto s h vh eid.xtse hcsraach mtnd bhs tqolsand namoral sqyqkuf
gen: 448 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtirlepvcak vs thbciuestioh.swdetsed tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffjm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdbs uffqytrtgeols rortbteahow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affgboublerea qhxygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcsraach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 449 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtirlepvcak vs thbciuestioh.swdetsed tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffjm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdbs uffqytrtgeols rortbteahow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affgboublerea qhxygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcsraach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 450 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirtepvcak vs thackuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteaxow po paaeqarbs llannst a swa affwaouble.ea qhxygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcsraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 451 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xommtirtepvcak vs thackuestiog.swdetsel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnob asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortrteyxow po paaejarbs llannst a swa affwaoublerea qhwyhtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.tt e hawryachymtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 452 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtirtepvcak vs thblkuestiog.swdetsed tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdadrrdbs uffqytr.geo.s rortbte dow po paaerarbs llannst a swa affwaoublereasqhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.wardpbcaa st ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hawraach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqyqkub
gen: 453 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or woemtirtepvcak vs thbckuestiog.swcetsed tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbcrrdbs uffqytrtgeols rortrteyhow po paaebarbs llannst a swa affwaoublerea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.wardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.tt e hcsraach mtnd bhs tqolsand namoral sqyqkuf
gen: 454 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xommtirtepvcak vs thbciuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortbteahow po paaeaaras llannst a swa affwbouble.ea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheapk nyxmorc.aardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sryqkuf
gen: 455 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xommtirtepvcak vs thbciuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geols rortbteahow po paaeaaras llannst a swa affwbouble.ea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheapk nyxmorc.aardpbcaa sw ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sryqkuf
gen: 456 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirtepvcak vs thackuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteaxow po paaeqarbs llannst a swa affwaouble.ea qhxygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcsraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 457 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirtepucak vs thackuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteaxow po paaeqarbs llannst a swa affwaouble.ea qhxygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcsraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 458 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirtepucak vs thackuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteaxow po paaeqarbs llannst a swa affwaouble.ea qhxygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardpbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcsraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 459 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtirtepvcak vs thbliuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnob asdbdrrdbs uffqytr.geo.s rortrteahow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwbouble.ea qhwyhtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheapk nyxmorc.aardpbcaa sw ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hawraach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sryqkuf
gen: 460 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirsepvcak vs thbckuestiog.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortrteahow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwboublerea qhxygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheapk nyxmorc.aardpbcaa sv ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach msnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 461 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtirlepvcao vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteafow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwboublerea qhxygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aardlbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach msnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 462 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtirlepvcao vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thdzilwnmv asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteafow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwboublerea qhxygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aardlbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach msnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 463 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoemtirsepvcak vs thackuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczylwnmv asdbdrrdqs uffqytrtgeols rortbteahow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwboublerea qhxygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardlbcaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hawraach msnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 464 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirtepucak vs thackuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffqytrtgeols rortbteahow po paaejarbs llannst a swa affwbouble.ea qhxygtpcjhlns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardpbdaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hawraachymtnd bhy tqolsand nanpral sqyqkuf
gen: 465 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirlepvcao vs thbciuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols qortbteaxow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwaoublerea qhwyhtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardlbcaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 466 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirtepvcao vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczylwnob asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols tortbteahow po paaeaarbs llafnst a swa affwaouble.ea qhwygtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aardpbcaa sx ryfto s h uh eid.xt e hcsraach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 467 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirlepvcao vs thbciuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols qortbteaxow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwaoublerea qhwyhtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardlbcaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 468 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirtepvcao vs thbciuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnob asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols vortbteahow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwaoublerea qhxygtpcjhzn  ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aardlbcaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 469 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirtepvcao vs thbciuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnob asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols xortbteahow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwaoublerea qhxygtpcjhzn  ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aardlbcaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 470 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirlehvcao vs thbakuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnob asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteaxow po naaejarbs llannst a swa affwaouble.ea qhxygtpcnhyns ebd thzaa ou die ya she pk nqxmorc.aardlbcqa sx ryfto s h vh eid.tt e hasraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 471 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirtepvcao vs thackuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols qortbteahow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwboublerua qhxyhtpcjhlns ebd thzab ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardlbdaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hasraach.mtnd bhy tqolsand nanpral sqyqkuf
gen: 472 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirtepvcao vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb a dbdrrdys uffqytr.geols rortbteahow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwaoublerea qhwyhtpcjh.n  ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aardlbcaa sx rzfto s h uh eid.tt e hcsrmach mtnd bhy tyolsand nanpral sqyqkuf
gen: 473 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtyrlepvcao vs thbciuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmv asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols qortbteaxow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwaoublerea qhwyhtpcjh.ns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardlbcaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 474 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirlepucao vs thbckuestioh.swcetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczylwnmb asdbdrrdys uffuytr.geols rortbteaxow po paaejarbs .pannst a swa afnwbouble.ea qhxygtpcjhlns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aardpbdaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcsraach mtnd bhs tyolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 475 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirlepucao vs thbckuestioh.swcetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczylwnmb asdbdrrdys uffuytr.geols rortbteaxow po paaejarbs .pannst a swa afnwbouble.ea qhxygtpcjhlns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aardpbdaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hcsraach mtnd bhs tyolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 476 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirtepucao vs thbhkuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thdzilwnob asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols tortbtechow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwaoublerea qhxygtpcjhkns ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aardpbcaa sx ryfto s f fh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd bhs tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 477 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirlepvcao vs thbckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnob asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteahow po paaejarbs kpannst a swa afnwaoublerma qhwygtpcjhln  ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardpbdaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hasrmach mtnd bhy tyolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 478 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirteducao vs thackuestioh.swdetsep tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffuytr.geols qortbteaxow po paaejarbs llannst a swa affwaoublerma qhxyhtpcjhlns ebd thzaa ou die ya speypc nqxmorc.aardlbdaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e husraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 479 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirtepvcao vs thackuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols qortbteahow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwboublerua qhxyhtpcjhlns ebd thzab ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardlbdaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hasraach.mtnd bhy tqolsand nanpral sqqqkuf
gen: 480 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirtepvcao vs thackuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols qortbteahow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwboublerua qhxyhtpcjhlns ebd thzab ow die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardlbdaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hasraach.mtnd bhy tqolsand nanpral sqyqkuf
gen: 481 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirlepvcac vs thackuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblergin the mindntt suffzm. thczzlwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteaxow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwaoublerua qpwyhtpcnhlns ebd thzab ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardlbdba sx ryfto s h ah eid.xt e hatraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nanpral sqyqkuf
gen: 482 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirlepvcac vs thackuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblergin the mindntt suffzm. thczzlwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteaxow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwaoublerua qpwyhtpcnhlns ebd thzab ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardlbdba sx ryfto s h ah eid.xt e hatraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nanpral sqyqkuf
gen: 483 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirlepucao vs thackuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczylwnmb asdbdrrdys uffqytr.geols rortbteaxow po paaeiarbs llannst a swa afnwbouble.ea qhxygtpkjhlns ebd thzba ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardlbdaa sw ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hcsraach.mtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqqqkuf
gen: 484 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirsepvcao vs thackuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols qortbteahow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwboublerua qhxyhtpcjhlns end thzab ow die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardlbdaa sx rynto s hsfh eid.xt e hasraach.mtnd bhy tqolsand nanpral sqyqkqf
gen: 485 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirlepvcao vs thbckuestiog.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnob asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteahow po paaejarbs kpannst a swa afnwaoublerma qhwygtpcjhln  ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardnbdaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hasrmach mtnd bhy tyolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 486 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirlepvcao vs thbckuestiog.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnob asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteahow po paaejarbs kpannst a swa afnwaoublerma qhwygtpcjhln  ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardnbdaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hasrmach mtnd bhy tyolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 487 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or woumtirtepvcao vs thackuestioh.swdetsep tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffuytr.geols qortbteaxow po paaeaarbs lpannst a swa affwaoublerma qhxyhtpcjhlns ebd thzab ou die ya sheypc nqxmorc.aardlbdaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e husraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nanpral sqyqkuf
gen: 488 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or woumtirtepvcao vs thackuestioh.swdetsep tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffuytr.geols qortbteaxow po paaeaarbs lpannst a swa affwaoublerma qhxyhtpcjhlns ebd thzab ou die ya sheypc nqxmorc.aardlbdaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e husraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nanpral sqyqkuf
gen: 489 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xouatirlepvcao rs thackuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geoks rortbteahow lo daaemarbs llannst a swa afnwaouble.ma qhxygtpcjhln  ebd thzaa ou die ya sheypk nyxmorc.aazdnbdaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 490 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirlepucao vs thcckuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczylwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffqqtr.geols qortbteahow po paaezarbs klannst a swa afnwboublerua qhxyhtpcjhlns end thzab ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardnbdaa sw ryftm s h vh eid.xt e husraach mtnd bhy tyolsand nampral sqyqkuf
gen: 491 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or woumtirledvcao vs thackuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnma asdbdrrdqs uffuytr.geols rortbteaxow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwboublerma qlxyhtpcjhlns ebd thzab ou die ya sheypc nqxmorc.aardlbdaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nanpral sqyrkvf
gen: 492 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirledvcao rs thackuestioh.swdettel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffuytr.geols rortbteahow po daaemarbs llannst a swa afnwaouble.makqhxyhtpcjhlns ebd thzab ou die ya sheypc nqxmorc.aardlbdaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqyqkvf
gen: 493 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or woumtirtepvcao vs thacluestioh.swdetsep tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols qortbteaxow po paaeaarbs lpannst a swa affwaoublerua qhxyhtpcjhlns ebd thzab ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardlbdaa sx ryfto s g fh eid.xt e husraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nanpral sqqqkuf
gen: 494 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirtepvcao us thackuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thazilwnmb asdbtrrdqs uffuitr.geols qortbteahow po paaeaarbs llannst a swa affwboublerma qhxyhtpcjflns ebd thzab ou die ya sheypc nqxmorc.aardlbdaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hasraach.mtnd bhy tqolsand nanpral sqyqkuf
gen: 495 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirtedvcao vs thackuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilxnmb asdbtrrdqs uffqitr.geoks rortfteahow lo daaemarbs llannst a swa afnwbouble.ma qhxygtpcjfpn  ebd thzaa ow die ya sheypc nqxmorc.aardlbdaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hbsraach.mtnd bhy tqolsand nanpral sqyqkuf
gen: 496 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or woumtirlenucao rs thackuestioh.swdettel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnma asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteahow lo daaeaards llannst a swa afnwbouble.makqhxyhtpcjhlns ebd thzab ou die ya sheypc nqwmorc.aardlbdaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e haqraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqyrkvf
gen: 497 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or woumtirlenvcao rs thacluestioh.swdettep tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnma asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols qortbteaxow lo daaeaards llannst a swa affwaouble.uakqhxyhtpcjhlns ebd thzab ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardlbdaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e haqraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nanpral sqyrkvf
gen: 498 fit: -125 chromo: g xbe or xoumtirtedvcao vs thackuestioh.swdettel tisznoblerxin the mindntt suffzm. thczilxnmb asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortfteahow lo daaemarbs llannst a swa afnwbouble.makqhxygtpcjhlns ebd thzab ou die ya sheypc nqxmorc.aardlbdaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqyqkvf
gen: 499 fit: -125 chromo: g wbe or woumtirteducao vs thackuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffuitr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeaarbs llannst a swa afnwboublerma qhxyhtpcjfpns ezd thzaa ou die ya sheqpc nqxmorc.aardnbdaa sx ryhto s h fh eid.xt e hbsraach.mtnd bhy tqolsand nampral sqyqkwf
gen: 500 fit: -124 chromo: g xbe or xouatirlenvcao rs thacluestioh.swdettep tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnma asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols qortbteahow lo paaeaarvs llamnst a swa affxaouble.ua qhxyhtpcjhkns end thzab ou die ya speypk nyxmorc.aardnbdaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e haqraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nanpral sqyrkvf
gen: 501 fit: -124 chromo: g xbe or xouatirlenvcao rs thacluestioh.swdettep tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnma asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols qortbteahow lo paaeaarvs llamnst a swa affxaouble.ua qhxyhtpcjhkns end thzab ou die ya speypk nyxmorc.aardnbdaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e haqraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nanpral sqyrkvf
gen: 502 fit: -124 chromo: g xbe or xouatirtedvcao rs thackuestioh.swdetsel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilxnmy asdvdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteahow lo paaemards jlannst a swa afnwaouble.makqhxyhtpcjhln  end thzab ou die ya sheypc nqxmorc.aazdlbdaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nandral sqyqkvf
gen: 503 fit: -124 chromo: g xbe or xouatirtenvcao rs thacluestioh.swdettep tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffuytr.geols qortbteahow lo paaeaarbs llamnst a swa affxboublerva qhxyhtpcjhkns end thzab ou die ya sheqpc nyxmorc.aardnbdaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e haqraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nanpral sqyrkwf
gen: 504 fit: -124 chromo: g xbe or xouatirlenvcao vs thacluestioh.swdettep tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs vffqytr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeaarvs klamnst a swa affxbouble.ua qhxyhtpcjepns end thzab ou die ya speypk nqwmorc.aardnbhaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hmqraach mtnd ahy tqolsand nandral sqyrkwf
gen: 505 fit: -124 chromo: g xbe or xouatirlenvcao vs thacluestioh.swdettep tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs vffqytr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeaarvs klamnst a swa affxbouble.ua qhxyhtpcjepns end thzab ou die ya speypk nqwmorc.aardnbhaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hmqraach mtnd ahy tqolsand nandral sqyrkwf
gen: 506 fit: -124 chromo: g xbe or xouatirlenvcao vs thacluestioh.swdettep tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs vffqytr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeaarvs klamnst a swa affxbouble.ua qhxydtpcjepns end thzab ou die ya speypk nqwmorc.aardnbhaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hmqraach mtnd ahy tqolsand nandral sqyrkwf
gen: 507 fit: -124 chromo: g xbe or xouatirtedvcao rs thacluestioh.swdettel tis.noblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmz asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteahow lo haaemarbs llannst a swa afnxboublermakqhxyhtpcjhkn  end thzab ou die ya sheqpc nyxmorc.aardnbdaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nanpral sqarkvf
gen: 508 fit: -124 chromo: g wbe or xouatirdenucao rs thadkuestioh.swdetteo tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnma asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteahos lo paaeaards llannst a swa afnwbouble.makqhxyhtpcjhlnt end thzaa ou die ya sheqpk nyxmorc.aardnbdaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hasraachcmtnd bhy tqolsand nanpral sryrkvf
gen: 509 fit: -124 chromo: g xbe or xouatirtenbcao rs thacluestioh.swdettep tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffuytr.geols qortbteahow lo paaeaarbs llamnst a swa afnxboublerva qhxyhtpcjhkns end thzab ou die ya sheqpc nyxmorc.aardnbdaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e haqraach mtnd bhy tuolsand nanpral sqyrkwf
gen: 510 fit: -124 chromo: g xbe or wouatirlenvcao rs thackuestioh.swdetsep tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffze. thczilwnna asdvdrrdqs uffqitr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeaards llamnst a swa bfnxboublermakqhxydspcjepn  end thzab ou die ya sheqpk nyumorc.aarddbdaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nanoral sqyrkvf
gen: 511 fit: -124 chromo: g xbe or wouatirlenvcao rs thackuestioh.swdetsep tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffze. thczilwnna asdvdrrdqs uffqitr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeaards llamnst a swa bfnxboublermakqhxydspcjepn  end thzab ou die ya sheqpk nyumorc.aarddbdaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nanoral sqyrkvf
gen: 512 fit: -124 chromo: g xbe or xouatirlenvcao qs thacluestioh.swdettep tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffzm. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeaards llannst a swa affwrouble.ua qhxydcpcjhpns end thzaa ou die ya speypk nqwmorc.aardlbhaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hmsraach mtnd bhy tqolsandsnandral sqyrkwf
gen: 513 fit: -124 chromo: g xbe or xouatirtedvcao rs thacluestioh.swdettel tis.noblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmz asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteahow lo haaemarbs llannst a swa afnxboublermakqhxyhtpcjhkn  end thzab ou die ya sheqpc nyxmorc.aardnbdaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd bhy tqolsand nanpral sqarkvf
gen: 514 fit: -124 chromo: g xbe or xouatirlenvcao qs thacluestioh.swdettep tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffzo. thczilwnmb asdbdrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeaards llannst a swa affwrouble.ua qhxydcpcjhpns end thzaa ou die ya speypk nqwmorc.aardlbhaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hmsraach mtnd bhy tqolsandsnandral sqyrkwf
gen: 515 fit: -124 chromo: g wbe or xouatirtenvcao rs thacluestioh.swdettel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmy asdadrrdqs vffqytr.geols qortbteahow lo haaemarbs llannst a swa affxboubleruakqhxydtpcjhkns end thzab ou die za sheqpc nyxmorc.aardnbdaa sx ryeto s h vd eid.xt e haqraach mtnd bhy tqodsand nanhral sqarkvf
gen: 516 fit: -124 chromo: g cbe or xouatirdenvcao qs thadluestioh.swdettep tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnma asdadrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteahow lo haaemarbs llannst a swa afnxrouble.uakqhxydtpcjhkns end thzab ou die ya sheqpc nqxmkrc.aardnbdaa sx ryfto s h vd eid.xtse hmsraach mtnd bhz tqodsand nanpral sryrkwf
gen: 517 fit: -124 chromo: g cbe or xouatirdenvcao qs thadluestioh.swdettep tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnma asdadrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteahow lo haaemarbs llannst a swa afnxrouble.uakqhxydtpcjhkns end thzab ou die ya sheqpc nqxmkrc.aardnbdaa sx ryfto s h vd eid.xtse hmsraach mtnd bhz tqodsand nanpral sryrkwf
gen: 518 fit: -124 chromo: g xbe or xovatirledbcao bs thacluestioh.swdettel tis.noblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thczilwnmd acdbdrrdqs uffuytr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeaarbs llamnst a swa mfewboubleruakqhxydtpcjhpns end thzab ou die ya sheqpk nrxmorc.aardnbdba sh rynto s h vh eid.xt e hmsraach mtnd bhy tuojsand nanpral sryrkwf
gen: 519 fit: -124 chromo: g xbe or xovatirledbcao bs thacluestioh.swdettel tis.noblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thczilwnmd acdbdrrdqs uffuytr.geols rortbteahow lo oaaeaarbs llamnst a swa mfewboubleruakqhxydtpcjhpns end thzab ou die ya sheqpk nrxmorc.aardnbdba sh rynto s h vh eid.xt e hmsraach mtnd bhy tuojsand nanpral sryrkwf
gen: 520 fit: -124 chromo: g xbe or xovytirledbcao bs thacluestioh.swdettel tis.noblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thczilwnmd acdbdrrdqs uffuytr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeaarbs llamnst a swa mfewboubleruakqhxydtpcjhpns end thzab ou die ya sheqpk nrxmorc.aardnbdba sh qynto s h vh eid.xt e hmsrbachcmtnd bhy tuojsand nanpral sryrkwf
gen: 521 fit: -124 chromo: g xbe or xovatirledbcao bs thacluestioh.swdettel tis.noblerbin the mindntl suffzm. thczilwnmd acdbdrrdqs uffuytr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeaarbs llamnst a swa mfewboubleruakqhxydtpcjhpns end thzab ou die ya sheqpk nrxmorc.aardnbdba sh rynto s h vh eid.xt e hmsraach mtnd bhy tuojsand nanpral sryrkwf
gen: 522 fit: -124 chromo: h xbe or wouatirlexvcao rs thacluestioh.swdetteo tisjnoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmz asdbdrrdqs uffuytr.geols rortbteahox lo paaeaarvs llamnst a swa afnxrouble.uakqhxyddpcjhpns end thzab ou die ya sheypk nqxmorc.aardlbhaa sx ryfto s h fh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd bhy tqoltand nandral sryrkwf
gen: 523 fit: -124 chromo: g xbe or xouatirlenvcao qs thacluestioh.swbettel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnma asdadrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeaarbs llannst a swa afnxrouble.uakqhx dtpcjhknt end thzab ou die ya sheqpc nqxmorc.aarddbdaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xtse hasraach mtnd bhq tqodsand nanpral srybkwf
gen: 524 fit: -124 chromo: h xbe or xovatirlenbcao bs thacluestiof.swdettep tis.noblerwin the mindntl suffzm. thczilwnmd a dadrrdqs uffrytr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeaards klamnst a swa afedboublerua qhxydtpcjhpns end thzab ou die ya sheqpk nqumorc.bardnbdba sh ryfto s h vh eid.xt e hmsraach mtnd bhy tuolsand nanpral sqyrkwf
gen: 525 fit: -124 chromo: g xbe or xouatirlenvcao qs thacluestioh.swbettel tisznoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnma asdadrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeaarbs llannst a swa afnxrouble.uakqhx dtpcjhknt end thzab ou die ya sheqpc nqxmorc.aarddbdaa sx ryfto s h vh eid.xtse hasraach mtnd bhq tqodsand nanpral srybkwf
gen: 526 fit: -122 chromo: h xbe or xouatirlenxcao rs thacluestioh.swdettep tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffzn. thczilwnmd a dbdrrdqs uffritr.geols rortbteahow lo paaemards klamnst a swa afedroublerua qgxydtpcjhpns end thzmb pu die ya speqpk nrxmorc.aarddblba sx rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach atnd ahy tuojsand nandral sqarkwf
gen: 527 fit: -122 chromo: h xbe or xouatirlenxcao rs thacluestioh.swdettep tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffzn. thczilwnmd a dbdrrdqs uffritr.geols rortbteahow lo paaemards klamnst a swa afedroublerua qgxydtpcjhpns end thzmb pu die ya speqpk nrxmorc.aarddblba sx rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach atnd ahy tuojsand nandral sqarkwf
gen: 528 fit: -122 chromo: h xbe or xouatirlenxcao rs thacluestioh.swdettep tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffzn. thczilwnmd a dbdrrdqs uffritr.geols rortbteahow lo paaemards klamnst a swa afedroublerua qgxydtpcjhpns end thzmb pu die ya speqpk nrxmorc.aarddblba sx rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach atnd ahy tuojsand nandral sqarkwf
gen: 529 fit: -122 chromo: h xbe or xouatirlenxcao rs thacluestioh.swdettep tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffzn. thczilwnmd a dbdrrdqs uffritr.geols rortbteahow lo paaemards klamnst a swa afedroublerua qgxydtpcjhpns end thzmb pu die ya speqpk nrxmorc.aarddblba sx rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach atnd ahy tuojsand nandral sqarkwf
gen: 530 fit: -122 chromo: h xbe or xouatirlenxcao rs thacluestioh.swdettep tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffzn. thczilwnmd a dbdrrdqs uffritr.geols rortbteahow lo paaemards klamnst a swa afedroublerua qgxydtpcjhpns end thzmb pu die ya speqpk nrxmorc.aarddblba sx rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach atnd ahy tuojsand nandral sqarkwf
gen: 531 fit: -122 chromo: g xbe or xouatirledvcao qs thacluestioh.swdettel tisjnoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmd a dadrrdqs uffrytr.geols rortbteahow lo haaemards klannst a swa bfnxroubleruakqhxyd.pcjhpns end thzmb ou die ya sheqpc nqxmorc.aarddbdba sx rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd ahy tuolsand nanpral sqybkxf
gen: 532 fit: -122 chromo: g xbe or xouatirledvcao qs thacluestioh.swdettel tisjnoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmd a dadrrdqs uffrytr.geols rortbteahow lo haaemards klannst a swa bfnxroubleruakqhxyd.pcjhpns end thzmb ou die ya sheqpc nqxmorc.aarddbdba sx rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd ahy tuolsand nanpral sqybkxf
gen: 533 fit: -122 chromo: g xbe or xouatirledvcao qs thacluestioh.swdettel tisjnoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmd a dadrrdqs uffrytr.geols rortbteahow lo haaemards klannst a swa bfnxroubleruakqhxyd.pcjhpns end thzmb ou die ya sheqpc nqxmorc.aarddbdba sx rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd ahy tuolsand nanpral sqybkxf
gen: 534 fit: -122 chromo: h xbe or xouatirledvcao qs thacluestioh.swdettel tisjnoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczjlwnmd a dadrrdqs uffqitr.geols rortbteahow lo haaemarbs klannst a swa bfnxroubleruakqhxydtpcjhpns end thzmb ou die ya speqpk nqxmorc.aarddbdba sx rqfto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd ahy tuolsand nanpral sqyvkxf
gen: 535 fit: -122 chromo: g xbe or xouatirledvcao qs thacluestioh.swdettel tisjnoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnmd a dadrrdqs uffrytr.geols rortbteahow lo haaemards klannst a swa bfnxroubleruakqhxyd.pcjhpns end thzmb ou die ya sheqpc nqxmorc.aarddbdba sx rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd ahy tuolsand nanpral sqybkxf
gen: 536 fit: -122 chromo: g cbe or xouatirlenvcao qs thacluestion.swbetsel tisdnoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thczilwnba asdadrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteahow lo paaemarbs klamnst a swa bfnxroubleruakqhxydtpcjhpnt end thzmb ou die ya sheqpk nrxmorc.aardnblba sw rynto s h vh eid.xt e hasrabch atnd ahy tuolsand nandral srabkwf
gen: 537 fit: -122 chromo: h xbe or xouatirlenvcao rs thadluestion.swdettel tisznoblerdin the mindntt suffzn. thczilwnmd asdadrrdqs uffrytr.geols rortbteahow lo paeemards .lafntt a swa afnxroublerua qhxydtpcjhpns end thzmb ou die ya sheqp  nrxmorc.aarddblaa sh rqnto s x vh eid.xt e hasraach atnd bhy tuodsand nanpral sqarkwf
gen: 538 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or xouatarledxcao qs thacluestion.swbettep tisjnoblerwin the mindntt suffym. thczjlwnmd a dadrrdus uffritr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeiarbs llamnst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgpns end thzmb ou die yy sfeqpk nrxmorc.aardhbdba sx.rqnto s h uh eid.xt e hasraachsmtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sryvkwf
gen: 539 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or xouatarledxcao qs thacluestion.swbettep tisjnoblerwin the mindntt suffym. thczjlwnmd a dadrrdus uffritr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeiarbs llamnst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgpns end thzmb ou die yy sfeqpk nrxmorc.aardhbdba sx.rqnto s h uh eid.xt e hasraachsmtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sryvkwf
gen: 540 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or xouatarledxcao qs thacluestion.swbettep tisjnoblerwin the mindntt suffym. thczjlwnmd a dadrrdus uffritr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeiarbs llamnst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgpns end thzmb ou die yy sfeqpk nrxmorc.aardhbdba sx.rqnto s h uh eid.xt e hasraachsmtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sryvkwf
gen: 541 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or xouatarledxcao qs thacluestion.swbettep tisjnoblerwin the mindntt suffym. thczjlwnmd a dadrrdus uffritr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeiarbs llamnst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgpns end thzmb ou die yy sfeqpk nrxmorc.aardhbdba sx.rqnto s h uh eid.xt e hasraachsmtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sryvkwf
gen: 542 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or xouatarledxcao qs thacluestion.swbettep tisjnoblerwin the mindntt suffym. thczjlwnmd a dadrrdus uffritr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeiarbs llamnst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgpns end thzmb ou die yy sfeqpk nrxmorc.aardhbdba sx.rqnto s h uh eid.xt e hasraachsmtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sryvkwf
gen: 543 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or xouatarledvcao rs thacluestion.swbettel tisjnoblerwin the mindjtt suffzm. thczjlwnmd a dadrrdus uffqitr.geols rortbteahow lo haaeiarbs klannst a swa bfnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgpns end thzmb ou die ya sheqpk nqxmorc.aarddbdba sx rqfto s h vh eid.xt e hmsraach mtnd ahy tqojsand nanpral sqatkwf
gen: 544 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or xouatarledvcao rs thacluestion.swbettel tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffzm. thczjlwnmd a dadrrdqs uffqktr.geols rortbtechoc lo paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgpns end thzmb ou die yy sfeqpk nrxmorc.aardhbdba sx.rqnto s h uh eid.xt e hasraachsmtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sryvkwf
gen: 545 fit: -121 chromo: hycbe or xouatirledvcao rs thacluestion.swdettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzn. thczilwnmd asdadrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteahow lo haaeiards klannst a swa afnxroubleruakqhxydtpcjhlnt end thzmb ou die ya speqpk nqxmorc.aarddbdba sh rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach ntnd bhy tuolsand nampral sqarkxf
gen: 546 fit: -121 chromo: hycbe or xouatirledvcao rs thacluestion.swdettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzn. thczilwnmd asdadrrdqs uffqytr.geols rortbteahow lo haaeiards klannst a swa afnxroubleruakqhxydtpcjhlnt end thzmb ou die ya speqpk nqxmorc.aarddbdba sh rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach ntnd bhy tuolsand nampral sqarkxf
gen: 547 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or xouatarledxcap qs thacluestion.swdettep tisjnoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thdzjlwnmd a dbdrrcqs affritr.geols rortbteahow lo paaemaras klannst a swa bfnxroubleruakqhxydtpcjgpns end thzmb ou die ya sheqpk nrwmorc.aarddbdaa sh rqfto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd ahy tuolsand nanpral sravkwe
gen: 548 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or xouatarledxcap qs thacluestion.swdettep tisjnoblerwin the mindntt suffzm. thdzjlwnmd a dbdrrcqs affritr.geols rortbteahow lo paaemaras klannst a swa bfnxroubleruakqhxydtpcjgpns end thzmb ou die ya sheqpk nrwmorc.aarddbdaa sh rqfto s h vh eid.xt e hasraach mtnd ahy tuolsand nanpral sravkwe
gen: 549 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or xouatarledvcao rs thacluestion.swbettel tisjnoblerwin the mindjtt suffzm. thczjlwnmd a dadrrdus uffqitr.geols rortbteahow lo haaeiarbs klannst a swa bfnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgpns end thzmb ou die ya sheqpk nqxmorc.aarddbdba sx rqfto s h vh eid.xt e hmsraach mtnd ahy tqojsand nanpral sqatkwf
gen: 550 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or xouatarledvcao rs thacluestion.swbettel tisjnoblerwin the mindjtt suffzm. thczjlwnmd a dadrrdus uffqitr.geols rortbteahow lo haaeiarbs klannst a swa bfnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgpns end thzmb ou die ya sheqpk nqxmorc.aarddbdba sx rqfto s h vh eid.xt e hmsraach mtnd ahy tqojsand nanpral sqatkwf
gen: 551 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or xouatarledvcao rs thacluestion.swbettel tisjnoblerwin the mindjtt suffzm. thczjlwnmd a dadrrdus uffqitr.geols rortbteahow lo haaeiarbs klannst a swa bfnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgpns end thzmb ou die ya sheqpk nqxmorc.aarddbdba sx rqfto s h vh ead.xt e hmsraach mtnd ahy tqojsand nanpral sqatkwf
gen: 552 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or xouatarledvcao rs thacluestion.swbettel tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffym. thczjlwnmd a dadrrdus uffritr.geols rortb.eahow lo paaeiarbs llamnst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgpns end thymb ou die yy sfeqpk nrtmorc.aardhbdba sh.rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hmsraachsmtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqyvkwf
gen: 553 fit: -121 chromo: h cbe or xouatirledvcao rs thacjuestion.swbettel tisjnobleruin the mindjt. suffzm. thazilwnmd asdadrrdus uffqytr.geols rortbteahow lo haaeiards klannst a swa afnxroubleruakqhxydtpcjgpns end thzmb ou die yy sheqpk nqxmorc.aarddbdba sh rqnto ssh vh eid.wt.e hmsraach mtnd ahy tqojsand nampral sravkxf
gen: 554 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or xouatarledvcao rs thacluestion.swbettel tisjnoblerwin the mindntp suffym. thdzjlwnmd a dadrrdus uffritr.geols rortb.eahow lo paaeiarbs llamnst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgpns end thymb ou die yy sfeqpk nrtmorc.aardhbdba sh.rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hmsraachsmtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqyvkwf
gen: 555 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or xouatarledvcao rs thacluestion.swbettel tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffym. thczjlwnmd a dadrrdus uffritr.geols rortb.eahow lo paaeiarbs llamnst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgpns end thymb ou die yy sfeqpk nrtmorc.aardhbdba sh.rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hmsraachsmtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqyvkwf
gen: 556 fit: -121 chromo: hyxbe or xouatirledvcao rs thacluestion.swbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzn. thczjlwnmd asdadrrdus uffrytr.geols rortb.eahow lo paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnxroublerualqhxydtpcjgknt end thzmb ou die yy speqpk nqtmorc.aarddbdba sx rqnto s h vh eid.wt e hasraachsmtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqarkwf
gen: 557 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or xovatarledvcap rs thacluestion.swbettel tisjnoblerwin the mindmtl suffym. thczjlxnmd a dadrrdus uffritr.geols rortb.euhoc lo paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroublevuakqhxydtpcjgpns end thymb ou die ya sfeqp  nrtmorc.aarddbdba sh.rqnto s h vh eid.dt e hmsraachsmtnd ihy tuodsand nanpral sravkwf
gen: 558 fit: -121 chromo: hycbe or xouatirledvcao rs thacjuestion.swdetsel tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffym. thazilwnmd asdadrrdus uffrytr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjhpnt end thzmb ou die yy sfeqpk nrtmorc.aardhbdba sx rqnto s h vh eid.wt e hmsraach mtnd ihy tqojsand nanpral sryrkwf
gen: 559 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or xovatarledvcap rs thacluestion.swbettel tisjnoblerwin the mindjtl suffzn. thczjlwnmd a dudrrdus ufeqitr.geols rortb.eahoc lo haaeiarbs klannst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgkns end thqmb ou die ya speqpk nqxmorc.aarddbdba sh.rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hmsraachsmtnd ihy tuodsand nanpral sqavkwf
gen: 560 fit: -121 chromo: hycbe or xouatarledvcao rs thacluestion.swdettel tisjnoblerwin the mindntt suffym. thczilwnmd asdadrrdus uffritr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjhpnt end thzmb ou die yy sfeqpk nrtmorc.aardhbdba sx.rqnto s h vh ead.wt e hmsraach mtnd ahy tqojsand nanpral sryvkwf
gen: 561 fit: -121 chromo: hycbe or xouatarledvcao rs thacluestion.swdettel tisjnoblerwin the mindntt suffym. thczilwnmd asdadrrdus uffritr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjhpnt end thzmb ou die yy sfeqpk nrtmorc.aardhbdba sx.rqnto s h vh ead.wt e hmsraach mtnd ahy tqojsand nanpral sryvkwf
gen: 562 fit: -121 chromo: hycbe or xouatarledvcao rs thacluestion.swdettel tisjnoblerwin the mindntt suffym. thczilwnmd asdadrrdus uffritr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjhpnt end thzmb ou die yy sfeqpk nrtmorc.aardhbdba sx.rqnto s h vh ead.wt e hmsraach mtnd ahy tqojsand nanpral sryvkwf
gen: 563 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or xovatarledvcap rs thacluestion.swbettel tisjnoblerwin the mindjtl suffzn. thczjlwnmc a dudrrdus ufeqitr.geols rortb.eyhoc lo haaeiarbs klannst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgkns end thqmb ou die ya speqpk nqxmorc.aavddbdba sh.rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hmsraachsmtnd ihy tuodsand nanpral sqavkwf
gen: 564 fit: -121 chromo: hycbe or xovatarledvcap rs thacduestion.swbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thazilwnmd asdudrrdus uffqytr.geols rortbteahoc lo daaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgkns end thqmb ou die ya speqpk nqxmorc.aardhbdba sx.qqnto s h uh eid.xt e hmsraachsmtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqavkwf
gen: 565 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or xovatarledvcap rs thacluestion.swbetrel tisjnoblerwin the mindjtl suffzn. thczjlwnmd a dudrrdus ufeqitr.geols rortb.eahoc lo haaeiarbs klannst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgkns end thqmb ou die ya speqpk nqxmorc.aarddbdba sh.rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hmsraachsmtnd ihy tuodsand nanpral sqavkwf
gen: 566 fit: -121 chromo: hyxbe or xouatirledvcao rs thacluestion.swbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntt suffym. thczjlwnmd a dadrrdus ufbritr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeiarbs llamnst a swa afnxroubleruakqhxydtpcjgpns end thzmb ou die yy speqpk nqtmorc.aarddbdba sx rqnto s.h vh ead.vt e hasraachsmtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqarkwf
gen: 567 fit: -121 chromo: hyxbe or xouatirledvcao rs thacluestion.swbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntt suffym. thczjlwnmd a dadrrdus ufbritr.geols rortbteahow lo paaeiarbs llamnst a swa afnxroubleruakqhxydtpcjgpns end thzmb ou die yy speqpk nqtmorc.aarddbdba sx rqnto s.h vh ead.vt e hasraachsmtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqarkwf
gen: 568 fit: -121 chromo: hycbe or xovatarledvcao rs thacjuestion.swbetrel tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffym. thczjlwnod a dutrrdus vffqitr.geols rortb.euhoc ko paaeiarbs klannst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgkn  end thzmb ou die yy speqpk nqxmorc.aarddbdba sh.rqnto s h vh eid.wt e hmsrbach mtnd ahy tuodsand nanoral sqarkwf
gen: 569 fit: -121 chromo: hycbe or xovatarledvcap rs thacduestion.swbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thazjlwnmb asdudrrdus uffqytr.geols rortbteahoc lo daaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgkns end thqmb ou die ya speqpk nqtmorc.aardhbdba sx.qqnto s h uh eid.xt e hmsraachsmtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqavkwf
gen: 570 fit: -121 chromo: hycbe or xovatarledvcap rs thacduestion.swbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thazjlwnmb asdudrrdus uffqytr.geols rortbteahoc lo daaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgkns end thqmb ou die ya speqpk nqtmorc.aardhbdba sx.qqnto s h uh eid.xt e hmsraachsmtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqavkwf
gen: 571 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or vovatar.epvcap rs thacluestion.swbettel tisjnoblerwin the mindmtl suffye. thczjlxnmd a dadrrdus uffritr.geols rortb.euhoc lo paaemarbs klamnst a swa afnwroublevuakqhxydtpcjgpns end thymb ou die ya sfeqp  nrtmorc.aarddbdba sh.rqnto s h vh ejd.dt e hmsraachsmtnd ihy tuodsand nanpral sravkwf
gen: 572 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or vovatar.epvcap rs thacluestion.swbettel tisjnoblerwin the mindmtl suffye. thczjlxnmd a dadrrdus uffritr.geols rortb.euhoc lo paaemarbs klamnst a swa afnwroublevuakqhxydtpcjgpns end thymb ou die ya sfeqp  nrtmorc.aarddbdba sh.rqnto s h vh ejd.dt e hmsraachsmtnd ihy tuodsand nanpral sravkwf
gen: 573 fit: -121 chromo: h xbe or vovatar.epvcap rs thacluestion.swbettel tisjnoblerwin the mindmtl suffye. thczjlxnmd a dadrrdus uffritr.geols rortb.euhoc lo paaemarbs klamnst a swa afnwroublevuakqhxydtpcjgpns end thymb ou die ya sfeqp  nrtmorc.aarddbdba sh.rqnto s h vh ejd.dt e hmsraachsmtnd ihy tuodsand nanpral sravkwf
gen: 574 fit: -121 chromo: hycbe or xovatarledvcao rs thacjuestion.swbetrel tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffym. thczjlwnod a dutrrdus vffqitr.geols rortb.euhoc ko paaeiarbs klannst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgkn  end thzmb ou die yy speqpk nqxmorc.aarddbdba sh.rqnto s h vh eid.wt e hmsrbach mtnd ahy tuodsand nanoral sqarkwf
gen: 575 fit: -121 chromo: hycbe or xovatarledvcao rs thacjuestion.swbetrel tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffym. thczjlwnod a dutrrdus vffqitr.geols rortb.euhoc ko paaeiarbs klannst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgkn  end thzmb ou die yy speqpk nqxmorc.aarddbdba sh.rqnto s h vh eid.wt e hmsrbach mtnd ahy tuodsand nanoral sqarkwf
gen: 576 fit: -121 chromo: hycbe or wovatarledvcap rs thacduestion.swbettel tisjmoblerdin the mindntj suffzm. thazjlcnmb asdudrrdus uffqytr.geols rortrteahoc lo daieiarbs klamnst a swa afnxroublevuakqhxydtpcjckns end thqmb ou die ya speqpk nqxmorc.aardhbdba sx.qqnto s h uh eid.xt e hesraachsm.nd ihq tqodsand nanpral sqavkwf
gen: 577 fit: -121 chromo: hycbe or xovatarledvcao rs.thacjuestion.swbetrel tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffym. thczjlwnod a dutrrdus vffqitr.geols rortb.euhoc ko paaeiarbs llannst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgkn  end thzmb ou die yy speqpk nqxmorc.aarddbdba sh.rqnto s h vh eid.wt e hmsrbach mtnd ahy tuodsand nanoral sqarksf
gen: 578 fit: -121 chromo: hycbe or xovatarledvcao rs.thacjuestion.swbetrel tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffym. thczjlwnod a dutrrdus vffqitr.geols rortb.euhoa ko paaeiarbs llannst a swa afnwroubleruakqhvydtpcjgln  end thzmb ou die yy speqpk nqxmorc.aarddbdba sh.rqnto s h vh eid.wt e hmsrbach mtnd ahy tuodsand nanoral sqarksf
gen: 579 fit: -121 chromo: hycbe or wovaterledvcep rs thacluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindmtl suffzm. thazjlxnmd asdudrrdus vffqytr.geols rortbteahoc lo daaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruakqhxydtpcjgpns end thqmb ou die ya sfeqpk nqtmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h uh eid.dt e hmsraachsmtnd ihy tuodsand nanpral sqavkwf
gen: 580 fit: -120 chromo: hycbe or vovatar.edvcao rssthacluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffye. thczjlwnod a dutrrdus vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko daaeiarbs llamnst a swa afnwroubleruakshvydtpcjgln  end thqmb ou die yy speqp  nqxmorc.aarddbdba sh.rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hmsrbach mtnd ahy tuodsand nanpral sqarksf
gen: 581 fit: -120 chromo: hycbe or vovatar.edvcao rssthacluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerwin the mindntk suffye. thczjlwnod a dutrrdus vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko daaeiarbs llamnst a swa afnwroubleruakshvydtpcjglnk end thqmb ou die yy speqp  nqxmorc.aarddbdba sh.rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hmsrbach mtnd ahy tuodsand nanpral sqarksf
gen: 582 fit: -120 chromo: hycbe or vovatar.edvcao rssthacluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerwin the mindntk suffye. thczjlsnod a dutrrdus vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko daaeiarbs llamnst a swa afnwroublerwakshvydtpcjglnk end thqmb ou die yy speqp  nqxmorc.aarddbdba sh.rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hmsrbach mtnd ahy tuohsand nanpral sqarksf
gen: 583 fit: -120 chromo: hycbe or vovatar.edvcap rs thacduestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suefye. thazjlwnod a dutrrdus vffqitr.geols vortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruakshxydtpcjgpns end thqmb ou die yy speqpk nqtmorc.aarddbdba sx.qqnto s h uh eid.xt e hmsrbach mtnd ih  tuodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 584 fit: -120 chromo: hycbe or vovatarledvcap rssthacluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffym. thczjlwnmd a dudrrdus vffqitr.geols rortr.euhoc ko daaeiarbs klannst a swa afnwroubleruakqhvydtpcjgpn  end thqmb ou die yy sfeqp  nqxmorc.aarddbdba sx.rqnto s h vh eid.xt e hmsrbach m nd ahz tuodsand nanpral sqarksf
gen: 585 fit: -119 chromo: hycbe or vovater.edvcap rs thacluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thaznlwnod a dutrrdus vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksfxydtpcjcpns end thqmb ou die ya speqpk nqtmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ah eid.xt e hmsrbach m.nd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 586 fit: -119 chromo: hycbe or vovater.edvcap rs thacluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thaznlwnod a dutrrdus vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksfxydtpcjcpns end thqmb ou die ya speqpk nqtmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ah eid.xt e hmsrbach m.nd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 587 fit: -119 chromo: hycbe or vovater.edvcap rs thacluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thaznlwnod a dutrrdus vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksfxydtpcjcpns end thqmb ou die ya speqpk nqtmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ah eid.xt e hmsrbach m.nd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 588 fit: -119 chromo: hycbe or vovater.edvcap rs thacluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thaznlwnod a dutrrdus vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksfxydtpcjcpns end thqmb ou die ya speqpk nqtmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ah eid.xt e hmsrbach m.nd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 589 fit: -119 chromo: hycbe or vovater.edvcap rs thacluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thaznlwnod a dutrrdus vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksfxydtpcjcpns end thqmb ou die ya speqpk nqtmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ah eid.xt e hmsrbach m.nd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 590 fit: -119 chromo: hycbe or vovater.edvcap rs thacluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thaznlwnod a dutrrdus vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksfxydtpcjcpns end thqmb ou die ya speqpk nqtmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ah eid.xt e hmsrbach m.nd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 591 fit: -119 chromo: hycbe or vovater.edvcap rs thacluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thaznlwnod a dvtrrdus vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksfxydtpcjcpns end thqmb ou die ya speqpk nqtmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ah eid.xt e hmsrbach m.nd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 592 fit: -119 chromo: hycbe or vovater.edvcap rs thacluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thaznlwnod a dutrrdus vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksfxydtpcjcpns end thqmb ou die ya speqpk nqtmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ah eid.xt e hmsrbach m.nd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 593 fit: -119 chromo: hycbe or vovater.edvcap rs thacluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thaznlwnod a dutrrdus vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksfxydtpcjcpns end thqmb ou die ya speqpk nqtmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ah eid.xt e hmsrbach m.nd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 594 fit: -119 chromo: hycbe or vovater.edvcap rs thmcluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntk suffzm. thaznlwnod a dvtrrdus vffqitr.geols rortr.euhoc ko paaeiarbs klannst a swa afnwroublerualspxydtpcjcpns end thsmb ou die yy speqpk nqxmorc.aarddbdba sx.qqnto s h vh eid.xt e hmsrbach mtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 595 fit: -119 chromo: hycbe or vovater.edvcap rs thacluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thaznlwnod a dutrrdus vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksfxydtpcjcpns end thqmb ou die ya speqpk nqtmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ah eid.xt e hmsrbach.m.nd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 596 fit: -119 chromo: hycbe or vovater.edvcap rs thacluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thaznlwnod a dutrrdus vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksfxydtpcjcpns end thqmb ou die ya speqpk nqtmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ah eid.xt e hmsrbach.m.nd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 597 fit: -119 chromo: hycbe or vovaterledvcap rs thacluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerbin the mindntl suffza. thaznlwnod asdvtrrdus vffqitr.geoks rortr.eahoc ko caieiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruakshxydtpcjgpns end thqmb ou die yy speqpk nqtmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h vh eid.xt e hmsrbach mtnd ihy tqodsand nanoral sqaqksf
gen: 598 fit: -119 chromo: hycbe or vovater.edvcap rs thmcluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntk suffzm. thaznlwnod a dvtrrdus vffqitr.geols rortr.euhoc ko paaeiarbs klannst a swa afnwroublerualspxydtpcjcpns end thsmb ou die yy speqpk nqxmorc.carddbdba sx.qqnto s h vh eid.xt e hmsrbach mtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 599 fit: -119 chromo: hycbe or vovater.edvcap rs thmcluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntk suffzm. thaznlwnod a dvtrrdus vffqitr.geols rortr.euhoc ko paaejarbs klannst a swa afnwroublerualspxydtpcjcpns end thsmb ou die yy speqpk nqxmorc.carddbdba sx.qqnto s h vh eid.xt e hmsrbach mtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 600 fit: -119 chromo: hycbe or vovater.edvcap rs thacluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerbin the mindntk suffzm. thaznlwnod asdvtrrdus vffqitr.geols rortr.euhoc ko paaeiarbs klannst a swa afnwroublerualspxydtpcjgpns end thqmb ou die yy speqpk nqxmorc.aarddbdba sx.qqnto s h vh eid.xt e hmsrbach mtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 601 fit: -118 chromo: hycbe pr vovaterledvcap rs thcaluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerwin the mindntk suffzm. thazjlwnod a dutrrdws vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klaonst a swa afnwroubleruaksdxyctpcjgpnk end thqmb ou die yy sneqp. naxmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ah eid.xt e hmsrbach mtnd ahy tuodsand nanpral sravksf
gen: 602 fit: -118 chromo: hycbe or vofater.edvcal rs thmcluestion.ywnettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffza. thaznlxnod a dvtrrdws vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoccko paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroublequakspxydtpcjcpnq end thqmb ou die yy sneqp. nawmorc.aarddbdba sx.qqnto s h ah eid.xt e hesrbach ntnd ihy tqodsand nanoral sqaqksf
gen: 603 fit: -118 chromo: hycbe dr vovaterledvcal rs thccluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerwin the mindntl suffzm. thaznlwnod a dvtrrdws vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaemarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksdxyctpcjgpnk end thqmb ou die yy sneqpk naxmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h vh eid.xt e hesrbach mtnd ahy tuodsand nanpral sravksf
gen: 604 fit: -118 chromo: gycbe pr vovaterledvcap rs thcaluestion. wbettej tisjnoblerwin the mindntk suffzm. thazjlwnod a dutrrdws vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klaonst a swa afnwroubleruaksdxyctpcjgpnk end thqmb ou die yy sneqp. naxmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ah ead.xt e hmtrbach mtnd ahy tuodsand nanpral sravksf
gen: 605 fit: -118 chromo: gycbe pr vovaterledvcap rs thcaluestion. wbettej tisjnoblerwin the mindntk suffzm. thazjlwnod a dutrrdws vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klaonst a swa afnwroubleruaksdxyctpcjgpnk end thqmb ou die yy sneqp. naxmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ah ead.xt e hmtrbach mtnd ahy tuodsand nanpral sravksf
gen: 606 fit: -118 chromo: hycbe or vovater.edvcap rs thasluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffza. thaznlwnkd a dutrrdws vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruakshxydtpcjclns end thqmb ou die ya sdeqpk nqtmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ah eid.xt e hmsrbach.m.nd ihy tqodsand nanpral sqaqksf
gen: 607 fit: -118 chromo: hycbe or vovaterledvcap rs thmaluestion. wbet.ek tisjnoblerwin the mindntk suffzm. thazjlwnod a dutrrdws vffqitr.geoks rortr.euhoc ko paaeiarbs klbmnst a swa afnwroubleruaksfxyctpcjgpnk end thsmb ou die ya sneqp. nqxmorc.aarddbdda sh.qrjto s h ah eid.xt e hmsrbach mtnd ihy tuodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 608 fit: -118 chromo: gycbe pr vovaterledvcap rs thcaluestion. wbettej tisjnoblerwin the mindntk suffzm. thazjlwnod a dutrrdws vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc io paaeiarbs klaonst a swa afnwroubleruaksdxyctpcjgpnk end thqmb ou die yy sneqp. naxmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ah ead.xt e hmtrbach mtnd ahy tuodsand nanpral sravksf
gen: 609 fit: -118 chromo: hycbe or vohaterledvcap rs thccluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thaznlwngd a dvtrrdws vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc cc paaemarbs klaonst a swa afnwroubleruaksfxydtpcjglns end thqmb ou die yy sneqpk naxmorc.aarddbdja sh.qrnto s h ah eid.xt e hmsrbach mtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sraqksf
gen: 610 fit: -117 chromo: hycbe or vovater.edvcap rs thcaluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntk suffza. thaznlwnkd a dutrrdws vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klaonst a swa afnwroubleruakshxyctpcjclns end thqmb ou die ya sdeqp. natmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ah ead.xt e hmsrbach m.nd ahy tqobsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 611 fit: -117 chromo: hycbe or vohaterledvcap rs thccluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thaznlwngd a dvtrrdws vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc co paaemarbs klaonst a swa afnwroubleruaksfxydtpcjglns end thqmb ou die ay sneqpk naxmorc.aarddbdja sh.qrnto s h ah eid.xt e hmsrbach mtnd ihy tqodsand nanpral sraqksf
gen: 612 fit: -117 chromo: gycbe or vohaterledvcad rs thccluection. wbettel tisjpoblerwin the mindntl suffzm. theznlwngd a dutrrdws vffaktr.geols rortr.eahoc io pabemarbs klaontt a swa afnwroubleruaksdwydtpcjgpnk end thqmb ou die yy sneqp. naxmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ag ead.xt e hesrnach mtnd ihy tuodsand nanpral sravksf
gen: 613 fit: -116 chromo: pycbe or bohaterledvcap rs thoc.uestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thqznlwngd a dutrrdws vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaemarbs kkamnst a swa afnwroublervalsdxydrpcjgpns end thqmb ou die yy speqp. naxmorc.aarddbdja sh.qrnto s h vh eid.xt e hmsrbach mtnd ihy tuodsand nanpral srarksf
gen: 614 fit: -116 chromo: pycbe or bohaterledvcap rs thoc.uestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thqznlwngd a dutrrdws vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc lo paaemarbs kkamnst a swa afnwroublervalsdxydrpcjgpns end thqmb ou die yy speqp. naxmorc.aarddbdja sh.qrnto s h vh eid.xt e hmsrbach mtnd ihy tuodsand nanpral srarksf
gen: 615 fit: -116 chromo: pycbe or bohaterledvcap rs thoc.uestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thqznlwngd a dutrrdws vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc lo paaemarbs kkamnst a swa afnwroublervalsdxydrpcjgpns end thqmb ou die yy speqp. naxmorc.aarddbdja sh.qrnto s h vh eid.xt e hmsrbach mtnd ihy tuodsand nanpral srarksf
gen: 616 fit: -116 chromo: pycbe or bohaterledvcap rs thoc.uestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thqznlwngd a dutrrdws vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc lo paaemarbs kkamnst a swa afnwroublervalsdxydrpcjgpns end thqmb ou die yy speqp. naxmorc.aarddbdja sh.qrnto s h vh eid.xt e hmsrbach mtnd ihy tuodsand nanpral srarksf
gen: 617 fit: -116 chromo: gycbe or vovater.edvcal rs thccluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffza. thezilxnod a dutrrdws uffqktr.geols rortr.eahow ko pabeiarbs klamnstya swa afnwroubleruaksdwyctpcjspns end thqmb pu die ay sneyp. nixmorc.aarddbdba sxlqrnto s h ah eid.xt e hesraach mtnd ihz tqodsand nqnpral szavksf
gen: 618 fit: -116 chromo: pycbe or bohaterledvcap rs thoc.uestion. wbettel tisjnoblerdin the mindntl suffzm. thqznlwngd a dutrrdws vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc lo paaemarbs kkamnst a swa afnwroublervalsdxydrpcjgpns end thqmb ou die yy speqp. naxmorc.aarddbdja sh.qrnto s h vh eid.xt e hmsrbach mtnd ihy tuodsand nanpral sqarksf
gen: 619 fit: -115 chromo: pycbe or vovaterledvcal rs thocluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffza. theznlwngd a dutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortr.eahoccco paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksdxydtpcjspnk end thsmb ou die ay speyp. naxmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ahkejd.xt e hesrbach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 620 fit: -115 chromo: pycbe or vovaterledvcal rs thocluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffza. theznlwngd a dutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortr.eahoccco paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksdxydtpcjspnk end thsmb ou die ay speyp. naxmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ahkejd.xt e hesrbach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 621 fit: -115 chromo: pycbe or vovaterledvcal rs thocluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffza. theznlwngd a dutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortr.eahoccco paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksdxydtpcjspnk end thsmb ou die ay speyp. naxmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ahkejd.xt e hesrbach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 622 fit: -115 chromo: pycbe or vovaterledvcal rs thocluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffza. theznlwngd a dutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortr.eahoccco paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksdxydtpcjspnk end thsmb ou die ay speyp. naxmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ahkejd.xt e hesrbach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 623 fit: -115 chromo: pycba or bovaterledvcap rs thoc.uestion. waettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffzn. theznlwngd a dutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaemarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksdtydtpcjspnk end thsmb ou die ay speyp. naxmorc.aarddbdja sh.qrnto s h vh ejd.xt e hmsrbach ntnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbqksf
gen: 624 fit: -115 chromo: pycba or bovaterledvcap rs thoc.uestion. waettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffzn. theznlwngd a dutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaemarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksdtydtpcjspnk end thsmb ou die ay speyp. naxmorc.aarddbdja sh.qrnto s h vh ejd.xt e hmsrbach ntnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbqksf
gen: 625 fit: -115 chromo: pycba or bovaterledvcap rs thoc.uestion. waettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffzn. theznlwngd a dutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaemarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksdtydtpcjspnk end thsmb ou die ay speyp. naxmorc.aarddbdja sh.qrnto s h vh ejd.xt e hmsrbach ntnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbqksf
gen: 626 fit: -115 chromo: pycbe or bormter.edvcad rs thoc.uestion. wbettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntk suffzm. theznlwngd a dutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko naaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroublervalsdxydrpcjslpk end thsmb ou die ay speqp. naxmorc.marddbdba sx.qrnto ssh vh ead.xt e hesrbach mtnd ihy tuodsan. nanpral sravksf
gen: 627 fit: -115 chromo: pycbu or vormterledvcap rs thpdluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffza. theznlwngd aydutrrdws xfeqitrdgeols robtr.eapoc ko paaeiarbs kkamnst a swa bfnwroublervalshhycrpcjspns end thqmb pu die yy speqp. nixmorc.uarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ag eid.xt e hesrbach m.nd ihy twodsand nanpral szavksf
gen: 628 fit: -115 chromo: pycbu or vormterledvcap rs thpdluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffza. theznlwngd aydutrrdws xfeqitrdgeols robtr.eapoc ko paaeiarbs kkamnst a swa bfnwroublervalshhycrpcjspns end thqmb pu die yy speqp. nixmorc.uarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ag eid.xt e hesrbach m.nd ihy twodsand nanpral szavksf
gen: 629 fit: -115 chromo: pycbe or fovaterledvcal rs thocluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntk suffza. thaznlwngd a dutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortr.eahoccco naaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksdxydrpcjslnk end thsmb ou die ay speyp. naxmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ah ead.xt e hesrbach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral svavksf
gen: 630 fit: -115 chromo: pycbe or fovaterledvcal rs thocluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntk suffza. thaznlwngd a dutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortr.eahoccco naaeiarbs klamnst a swa afnwroubleruaksdxydrpcjslnk end thsmb ou die ay speyp. naxmorc.aarddbdba sx.qrnto s h ah ead.xt e hesrbach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral svavksf
gen: 631 fit: -115 chromo: pycbe or vohmterledvcad rs thmc.uestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzjn the mindntl suffjn. theznlxngd a dutrrdws vffqktr.geols rortr.eahoc ko pabemarbs clamnst a swa afmwroublereaksdwydrpcjspnk end thsmb ou die ay speqp. nixmorc.bazddbdfa  h.qrnto ssh ah eid.xt e hesrbach ntnd ihy tuodsand nanoral szarksv
gen: 632 fit: -115 chromo: pycbe or vohmterledvcad rs thmc.uestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzjn the mindntl suffjn. theznlxngd a dutrrdws vffqktr.geols rortr.eahoc ko pabemarbs clamnst a swa afmwroublereaksdwydrpcjspnk end thsmb ou die ay speqp. nixmorc.bazddbdfa  h.qrnto ssh ah eid.xt e hesrbach ntnd ihy tuodsand nanoral szarksv
gen: 633 fit: -114 chromo: pycbe or aovater.edvcap rs thpc.uestion. wbettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffzy. theznlwngd azdutrrdws vffqitrdgeols rortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afmwroublervalsdxydrpcjslns end thsmb ou die ay speyp. naxmorc.aarddbbba sx.qrnto s h vh ead.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihy tuodsand nanprak szarksf
gen: 634 fit: -114 chromo: pycbe or aovater.edvcap rs thpc.uestion. wbettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffzy. theznlwngd azdutrrdws vffqitrdgeols rortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afmwroublervalsdxydrpcjslns end thsmb ou die ay speyp. naxmorc.aarddbbba sx.qrnto s h vh ead.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihy tuodsand nanprak szarksf
gen: 635 fit: -114 chromo: pycbe or vohmter.edvcap rs thmc.uestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffzn. theznlwngd a dutrrdws xfeqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko pabeiarbs clamnst a swa yfnwroubleruaksdhylrpcjspnk end thsmb ou die ay speyp. naxmorc.aarddbdba sh.rrnto s h ah eid.xt e hesrbachsntnd ihz tuodsand nanoral srarisf
gen: 636 fit: -114 chromo: pycbe or aohaterledvcad rs thoc.uestion. wbettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffzy. theznlungd azdutrrdws vfeqitrdgeols tortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afmwroublervaksdxylrpcjslnk end thsmb pu die ay speyp. naxmorc.aarddbbba sx.qrnto ssh ah eid.xt e hesrdach m.nd ihy tuodscnd nanpral szavksf
gen: 637 fit: -114 chromo: pycbe or aohaterledvcad rs thoc.uestion. wbettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffzy. theznlungd azdutrrdws vfeqitrdgeols tortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afmwroublervaksdxylrpcjslnk end thsmb pu die ay speyp. naxmorc.aarddbbba sx.qrnto ssh ah eid.xt e hesrdach m.nd ihy tuodscnd nanpral szavksf
gen: 638 fit: -114 chromo: pycbe or vovaterledvcap rs thmcluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntl sunfzm. theznlwngd a dutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc lo paaemarbs klamnst a swa afowroubleruaksdeybrpcjslnk end thsmb ou die ay speqp. naxmorc.uarddbdja sh.qrnto ssh ah ead.xt e hesrbach mtnd ihy tuodsand nanpral sravksf
gen: 639 fit: -114 chromo: pycbe or aohmterledvcap rs thoc.uestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntk suffzn. theznlxngd a datrrdws vffqktrpgeo.s tortr.eahoc ko pabeiarbs clamnst a sga afmwroubletealsdwydrpcjspnk end thsmb oukdie ay speyp. nixmorc.aazddbdba sg.qrnto ssh ah eid.xt e hesrdach ntnd ihy tuodsand nanpral szavksf
gen: 640 fit: -114 chromo: pycbe or vovaterlmdvcap rs thec.uestion. wnettel tisbnoblerzin the minbntl suffzm. theznlxngd a dutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaemarbs klamnst a swa afowroubleruaksdeybrpcjslnk end thsmb ou die ay speqp. naxmorc.uazddbdba sh.qrnto ssh ah ead.xt e hesrbach mtnd ihy tuodsand nanoral srarksf
gen: 641 fit: -114 chromo: pycbe or fovaterledvcap rs thmcluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffzf. theznlwngp a dutrrdws xffqitr geols rortr.ebhoc ko pabeiarbs kkamnst a swa afowroubleruaksdwydrpcjslnk end thsmb oq die ay speqp. naxmorc.uazddbdba sd.qrnto ssh vh ead.xt e hesrbachsmtnd ihz tuodsand fanpral sravksf
gen: 642 fit: -113 chromo: pycbe or vovaterledvcap rs thoc.uestion. wnetsel tisbnoblerzin the mindntl suffzm. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc lo pabeearbs klamnst a swa afowroublervaksdeylrpcjslnk end thsmb ou die ay speqp. naxmorc.aarddbdba sh.qrnto ssh ah ead.xt e hesrbach mtnd ihy tuodsand nanpral szavksf
gen: 643 fit: -113 chromo: pycbe or fovaterledvcap rs thecluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntk suffzn. theznlxngd a dutrrdws vffqitrpgeols rortr.ebhoc ko pabeiarbs ckamnst a swa afowroubletuaksdwydrpcjspnk end thsmb oqkdie ay speyp. nixmorc.aazddbdba sd.qrnto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral sravksf
gen: 644 fit: -113 chromo: pydbe or vohmterledvcap rs thmcluestion. wjettel tisbnoblerzin the mindntl suffzn. theznlwngd a dutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc ko paaeiarbs klamnst a swa afowroubleqvalsdxylrpcjspnk end thsmb oa die ay speqp. naxmorc.aazddbdja sh.qrnto ssh ah ead.xt e hesrbach mtnd ihy tuodsand nanpral sraxksf
gen: 645 fit: -113 chromo: pacbe or fovaterledvcap rs thmcluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffzm. theznlwngd a dutrrdws uffqitr.geols rortr.ebhoo ko pabemarbs kkamnst a swa afowroubleruaksdwydrpcjslnk end thsmb ou die ay speqp. naxmorc.uarddbdba sd.qrnto ssh vh ead.xt e hesrbachsmtnd ihy twodsand nanoral sqavksf
gen: 646 fit: -113 chromo: pacbe or fovaterledvcap rs thmcluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffzm. theznlwngd a dutrrdws uffqitr.geols rortr.ebhoo ko pabemarbs kkamnst a swa afowroubleruaksdwydrpcjslnk end thsmb ou die ay speqp. naxmorc.uarddbdba sd.qrnto ssh vh ead.xt e hesrbachsmtnd ihy twodsand nanoral sqavksf
gen: 647 fit: -113 chromo: pacbe or fovaterledvcap rs thmcluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffzm. theznlwngd a dutrrdws uffqitr.geols rortr.ebhoo ko pabemarbs kkamnst a swa afowroubleruaksdwydrpcjslnk end thsmb ou die ay speqp. naxmorc.uarddbdba sd.qrnto ssh vh ead.xt e hesrbachsmtnd ihy twodsand nanoral sqavksf
gen: 648 fit: -113 chromo: pycbe or fovaterledvcap rs thecluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerzin the mindnti suffzn. theznlxngd a dutrrdws xffqitrpgeols rortr.ebhoc ko pabeiarbs kkamnst a swa afowroubletuaksdwydrpcjspnk end thsmb oqkdie ay speyp. nixmorc.uazdlbdba sh.qrnto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral sravksf
gen: 649 fit: -113 chromo: pycbe or vovaterledvcap rs thec.uestion. wbettel tisjnoblerzin the mindntk suffzn. theznlvngc a dutrrdws vffqitrpgeols rortr.eahoc lo pabeiarbs ckamnst a swa afowroublervaksdeydrpcjslnk enl thsmb ou die ay speqp. naxmorc.aarddbdba sh.qrnto ssh ah ead.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihy tuodsand nanpral szavksf
gen: 650 fit: -113 chromo: pycbe or aovaterledvcap rs thecluestion. xbettel tisjnoblerzin the mindnti suffzf. theznlwngd a dutrrdws xffqitrpgeols rortr.ebhoc ko pabeiarbs kkamnst a swa afowroubletuaksdwydrpcjspnk end thsmb oq die ay speyp. nbxmorc.uazdlbdba sh.qrnto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdachsmtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral sravksf
gen: 651 fit: -113 chromo: pycbe or fovaterledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindnti suffzn. theznlxngd a dutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc ko pabeiarbs koamnst a swa anowroubletuaksdeylrpcjspnk end thsmb oq die ay speyp. nixmorc.uazdlbdba sp.qrnto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 652 fit: -113 chromo: pycbe or fovaterlepvcap rs thecluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlxngd a dutrrdws uffqitr.geols rortr.ebhoc ko pabemarbs kkamnst a swa anowroubleruaksdeylrpcjslnk end thsmb oq die ay speyp. nixmorc.uazddbdba sh.qrnto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrbachsmtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 653 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or vovaterledvcap rs thecluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffzn. theznlvngc a dutrrdws vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc lo pabeiarbs kkamnst a swa afowroublervakslwycrpcjslnk end thsmb oq die ay speqp. naxmorc.aarddbdba sh.qrnto ssh vh ead.xt e hesrdachsmtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 654 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or vovaterledvcap rs thecluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffzn. theznlvngc a dutrrdws vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc lo pabeiarbs kkamnst a swa afowroublervakslwycrpcjslnk end thsmb oq die ay speqp. naxmorc.aarddbdba sh.qrnto ssh vh ead.xt e hesrdachsmtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 655 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or vovaterledvcap rs thecluestion. wbettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffzn. theznlvngc a dutrrdws vffqitr.geols rortr.eahoc lo pabeiarbs kkamnst a swa afowroublervakslwycrpcjslnk end thsmb oq die ay speqp. naxmorc.aarddbdba sh.qrnto ssh vh ead.xt e hesrdachsmtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral sqavksf
gen: 656 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a swa afowroubletvaksdmylrpdjslnk end thtma oq die ay speyp. nixmorc.uazdlbdba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 657 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a swa afowroubletvaksdmylrpdjslnk end thtma oq die ay speyp. nixmorc.uazdlbdba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 658 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a swa afowroubletvaksdmylrpdjslnk end thtma oq die ay speyp. nixmorc.uazdlbdba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 659 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovaterledvcad rs theckuestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlxngd azdutrrdws xffqitrpgeols rortr.ebhoc lo pabeearbs kkamnst a swa bfowroublervaksdmydrpcjslnk end thsmb oq die ay sperp. naxmorc.uazddbdba sh.qrpto ssh vh ead.xt e hesrbachsmtnd ihz twodsand nanoral sravksf
gen: 660 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a swa afowroubletvaksdmylrpdbslnk end thtma oq die ay speyp. nixmorc.uazdlbdba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 661 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a swa afowroubletvaksdmylrpdbslnk end thtma oq die ay speyp. nixmorc.uazdlbdba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 662 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a swa afowroubletvaksdmylrpdbslnk end thtma oq die ay speyp. nixmorc.uazdlbdba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 663 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a swa afowroubletvaksdmylrpdbslnk end thtma oq die ay speyp. nixmorc.uazdlbdba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach.mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 664 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a swa afowroubletvaksdmylrpdbslnk end thtma oq die ay speyp. nixmorc.uazdlbdba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach.mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 665 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindvti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitrlgeols rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a swa afowroubletvaksdmylrpdbslnk end thtma oq die ay speyp. nixmorc.uazdlbdba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach.mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 666 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvdap rs thecluestion. wnetdel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhow lo pabeearbs koamnst a swa afowroubletfakslmylrpdjslnk end thtma oq die ay speyp. nixmorc.uazddbdba sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.tt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral sqbvksf
gen: 667 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a swa afowroubletvaksdmylrpdbslnk end thtma oq die ay speyp. nixmorc.ua.dlbdba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 668 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a swa afowroubletvaksdmylrpdbslnk end thtma oq die ay speyp. nihmorc.uazdlbdba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach.mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 669 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap ts thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a swa afowroubletvaksdmylrpdbslnk end thtma oq die ay speyp. nixmorc.ua.dlbdba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 670 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap ts thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a swa afowroubletvaksdmylrpdbslnk end thtma oq die ay speyp. nixmorc.ua.dlbdba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 671 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvdap rs thecluestion. wnetdel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhow lo pabeearbs koamnst a swa afowroubletfakslmylrpdjslnk end thtma oq die ay speyp. nixmorc.uazddbdba sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.tt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral sqbvksf
gen: 672 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvdap rs thecluestion. wnetdel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhow lo pabeearbs koamnst a swa afowroubletfakslmylrpdjslnk end thtma oq die ay speyp. nixmorc.uazddbdba sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.tt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral sqbvksf
gen: 673 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvdap rs thecluestion. wnetdel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhow lo pabeearbs koamnst a swa afowroubletfakslmylrpdjslnk end thtma oq die ay speyp. nixmorc.uazddbdba sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.tt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral sqbvksf
gen: 674 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrpws xfbqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a sxa afowroublervaksdmylrpdbslnk end thtma oq die ay speyp. nihmorc.aa.dlbdba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xtke hesrdach.mtnd ihz tuocsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 675 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap qs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd a dutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo nabeearbs koamnst a swa ufowroubletvaksdmylrpdjslnk end thtma oq die az sleyp. nmxmorc.uazdlbdba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdash.mtnd ihz taodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 676 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovaterledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabemarbs koamnst a swa afowroubletvaksdmydrpdbslnk end thtma oq die ay speyp. nixmora.uazdlbdba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach.mtnd ihz twodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 677 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrpws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a swa afowroublervaksdmylrpdbslnk end thtma gq die ay speyp. nihmorc.aa.dlbcba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.vt e hesrdach mtnd ihz twocsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 678 fit: -112 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs kgamfst a ssa afowroublesvaksdmylrpdjslnk end thtma oq die ay sluyp. nixmorc.uazdlbdba sp.srpto ssh vd eyd.xt e hesrdach mtnd igz tuodsand nanpral srafksf
gen: 679 fit: -110 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a ssa afoxroublesvaksdmydrpdbspnk end thtma oq die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlblba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 680 fit: -110 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a ssa afoxroublesvaksdmydrpdbspnk end thtma oq die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlblba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 681 fit: -110 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a ssa afoxroublesvaksdmydrpdbspnk end thtma oq die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlblba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 682 fit: -110 chromo: pycbe or fofatetledvcan rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a ssa afoxroublesvaksdmydrpdbspnk end thsma oq die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlblba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 683 fit: -110 chromo: pycbe or fofatetledvcan rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a ssa afoxroublesvaksdmydrpdbspnk end thsma oq die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlblba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 684 fit: -110 chromo: pycbe or fofatetledvcan rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a ssa afoxroublesvaksdmydrpdbspnk end thsma oq die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlblba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 685 fit: -110 chromo: pycbe or fofatetledvcan rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a ssa afoxroublesvaksdmydrpdbspnk end thsma oq die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlblba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 686 fit: -110 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a ssa afoxroublesvaksdmydrpdbspnk end thtma oq die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlbjba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 687 fit: -110 chromo: pycbe or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a ssa afoxroublesvaksdmydrpdbspnk end thtma oq die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlbjba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 688 fit: -110 chromo: pydbe.or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindnti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xfeqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo dabeearbs kgamnst a ssa afowroublesvaksdmydrpdbspnk end thtma oq die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlbjba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuolsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 689 fit: -110 chromo: pycbe or fovatatledvcan rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd a.dutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a ssa afoxroublesvaksdmydrpdnspnk end thtma oq die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlblba sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hetrdach.mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 690 fit: -110 chromo: py be or fovatatledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd a.dutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.edhoc lo pabeearbs koamnst a ssa afoxroublesvaksdmydrpdnspnk end thtma oq die ay sleyp. nihmorc.uazdlblba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach.mtnd jhz tuodsanb nanpral srbvksf
gen: 691 fit: -110 chromo: pycbe or fofatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo pabemarbs koamnst a ssa afoxroublesvaksdmydrpdbspnk end thtma oq die ay sleyp. nihmorc.uazdlblba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 692 fit: -110 chromo: pydbe.or fovatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindnti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xfeqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo dabeearbs kgamnst a ssa afowroublesvaksdmydrpdbspnk end thtma oq die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlbjba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuolsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 693 fit: -109 chromo: pycbe or fofatutledvcan rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xfbqitr.geo.s rortq.enxoc lo pabeearbs kgaanst a ssa afoxroublesvaksdmydrpdnshnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlblba sp.qrpto ssg vh eid.ht e hesrdach.mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 694 fit: -109 chromo: pycbe or fofatutledvcan rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xfbqitr.geo.s rortq.enxoc lo pabeearbs kgaanst a ssa afoxroublesvaksdmydrpdnshnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlblba sp.qrpto ssg vh eid.ht e hesrdach.mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 695 fit: -109 chromo: pycbe or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindnti suffzf. theznlvngd ezdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabemarbs kgamnst a ssa afoxroublesvak dmydrpdbspnk end thtma oq die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlblba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mxnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 696 fit: -109 chromo: pycbe or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindnti suffzf. theznlvngd ezdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabemarbs kgamnst a ssa afoxroublesvak dmydrpdbspnk end thtma oq die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlblba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mxnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 697 fit: -109 chromo: pycbe or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindnti suffzf. theznlvngd ezdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabemarbs kgamnst a ssa afoxroublesvak dmydrpdbspnk end thtma oq die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlblba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mxnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 698 fit: -109 chromo: pycbe or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindnti suffzf. theznlvngd ezdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabemarbs kgamnst a ssa afoxroublesvak dmydrpdbspnk end thtma oq die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlblba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mxnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 699 fit: -109 chromo: py be or fovatutledvcaj rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdqtrrdws xfesitr.geo.s rortq.enhoc lo dabeearbs kgamnst a ssa cfoxroublesvaksdmydrpdnspnk end thtma oq dye ua sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssg vp ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz taolsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 700 fit: -109 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mibdbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.ebxoc lo pabeearbs kgamnst a ssa afoxroublesvaksdmybrpdnspnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmord.aazdlnlba sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 701 fit: -109 chromo: py be or fovatutledvcaj rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdqtrrdws xfesitr.geo.s rortq.enhoc lo dabeearbs kgamnst a ssa cfoxroublesvaksdmydrpdnspnk end thtma oq dye ua sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssg vp ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz taolsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 702 fit: -109 chromo: py be or fovatutledvcaj rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdqtrrdws xfesitr.geo.s rortq.enhoc lo dabeearbs kgamnst a ssa cfoxroublesvaksdmydrpdnspnk end thtma oq dye ua sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssg vp ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz taolsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 703 fit: -109 chromo: pycbe or nofatutledvoap rs thucluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindnti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortqzebhoc lo pabemarbs kgaanst a ssa afoxroublesvaksdmydrptnshnk end thtma ga die ay sleqp. nixmorc.uazdlblba sp.qvpto ssg vh eid.xt e hesrdach mrnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 704 fit: -109 chromo: pycbe or nofatutledvoap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindnti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geols rortqzebxoc lo pabemarbs kgaanst a ssa afoxroublesvaksdmydrptnshnk end thtma oa die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlblba sp.qrpto ssg vh eid.xt e hesrdash mrnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 705 fit: -108 chromo: pycbe or nofatutledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindnti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortqzebhoc lo pabemarbs kgaanst a ssa afoxroublesvaksdmydrptnshnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlblba sp.qvpto ssh vh eid.ht e hesrdach mrnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 706 fit: -108 chromo: pycbe or nofatutledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindnti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortqzebhoc lo pabemarbs kgaanst a ssa afoxroublesvaksdmydrptnshnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlblba sp.qvpto ssh vh eid.ht e hesrdach mrnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 707 fit: -108 chromo: pycbe or nofatutledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindnti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortqzebhoc lo pabemarbs kgaanst a ssa afoxroublesvaksdmydrptnshnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlblba sp.qvpto ssh vh eid.ht e hesrdach mrnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 708 fit: -108 chromo: py be or nofatutledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. thezjlvngd azdqtrrdws xffsitr.geols rortq.ebhoc lo pabeearbs kgannst a ssa cfoxroublesvaksdmydrpdnspnk end thtma oq die uy sleyp. nixmor .uazdlblaa sp.qrpto ssg vh ead.xt e hesrdash mtnd ihz taolsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 709 fit: -107 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo pabemarbs kgamnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnspnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmord.aazddbjaa sp.qrpto ssg vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 710 fit: -107 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo pabemarbs kgamnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnspnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmord.aazddbjaa sp.qrpto ssg vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 711 fit: -107 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo pabemarbs kgamnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnspnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmord.aazddbjaa sp.qrpto ssg vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 712 fit: -107 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo pabemarbs kgamnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnspnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmord.aazddbjaa sp.qrpto ssg vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 713 fit: -107 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo pabemarbs kgamnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnspnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmord.aazddbjaa sp.qrpto ssg vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 714 fit: -107 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo pabemarbs kgamnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnspnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmord.aazddbjaa sp.qrpto ssg vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 715 fit: -107 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo pabemarbs kgamnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnspnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmord.aazddbjaa sp.qrpto ssg vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 716 fit: -107 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo dabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmydrpdnshnk end thtma gq die ay sleyp. nixmord.uazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 717 fit: -107 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo dabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmydrpdnshnk end thtma gq die ay sleyp. nixmord.uazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 718 fit: -107 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo dabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmydrpdnshnk end thtma gq die ay sleyp. nixmord.uazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 719 fit: -107 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo dabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmydrpdnshnk end thtma gq die ay sleyp. nixmord.uazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 720 fit: -107 chromo: py be or nofatetdedvcap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffqitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a ssa cfoxroublesva sdmydrpdmshnk end thtma ga die uy sleyp. nixmord.uazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mqnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 721 fit: -107 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo dabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmydrpdnshnk end thtma gq die ay sleyp. nixmorb.uazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrpach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 722 fit: -107 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortq.ebhoc lo dabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmydrpdnshnk end thtma gq die ay sleyp. nixmorb.uazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrpach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 723 fit: -107 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecpuestion. wnette  tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngx azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortu.ebhoc lo pabeearbs kgamnst a ssa afgxroublesfaksdmydrpdnspnk end thtmy gq die ay sleyp. nixmord.aazdcbjaa sp.qrpto ssg vh ead.xt eyhesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 724 fit: -107 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortqzebhoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnshnk end thtmy ga die vy sleyp. nixmord.uazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mqnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 725 fit: -107 chromo: py be or novatetledvwap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortqzebhoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmydrpdnsfnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srnuksf
gen: 726 fit: -107 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortqzedhoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdmshnk end thtmy ga die vy sleyp. nixmorb.uazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh fh ead.ft e hesrdach mqnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srbvksf
gen: 727 fit: -107 chromo: py be or novatetdedvwap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. thezjlvngd azdwtrrdws xffsitr.geo.s.rortuzebhoc do dabemarbs kgaonst a ssa cfgxroublesva sdmydrpdmsfnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmord.uazdcbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral sbnvksf
gen: 728 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetledvwap ts thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuzebhoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnsfnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorc.aazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 729 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetledvwap ts thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuzebhoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnsfnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorc.aazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 730 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetledvwap ts thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuzebhoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnsfnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorc.aazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 731 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetledvwap ts thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuzebhoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnsfnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorc.aazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 732 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetledvwap ts thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuzebhoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnsfnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorc.aazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 733 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetledvwap ts thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuzebhoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnsfnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorc.aazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 734 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetledvwap ts thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuzebhoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnsfnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorc.aazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 735 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetledvwap ts thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuzebhoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnsfnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorc.aazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 736 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetledvwap ts thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuzebhoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnsfnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorc.aazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 737 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetledvwap ts thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuzebhoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnsfnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorc.aazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 738 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetledvwap ts thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuzebhoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnsfnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorc.aazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 739 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortu.e.hoc po pabemarbs kgaonst a swa afgxroublesva sdmydrpdmspnk end thtma wa die aa sleyp. naxmord.uazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mqnd ihz tucdsand nanpral srnuksf
gen: 740 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetcedvcap rs thecpuestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortu.eahoc lo paaemarbs cgaonst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmydrpdnspnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmord.uazdjbjaa sp.qrhto ssg vh eid.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanlral srbvksf
gen: 741 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetcedvcap rs thecpuestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortu.eahoc lo paaemarbs cgaonst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmydrpdnspnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmord.uazdjbjaa sp.qrhto ssg vh eid.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanlral srbvksf
gen: 742 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatettedvwap ts thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuzebgoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnsfnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorc.aazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 743 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatettedvwap ts thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuzebgoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnsfnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorc.aazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 744 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzb. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xfesitr.geo.s rortuzebhoc lo pajemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmybrpdmsfnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 745 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzb. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xfesitr.geo.s rortuzebhoc lo pajemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmybrpdmsfnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 746 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzb. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xfesitr.geo.s rortuzebhoc lo pajemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmybrpdmsfnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 747 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzb. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xfesitr.geo.s rortuzebhoc lo pajemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmybrpdmsfnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 748 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzb. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xfesitr.geo.s rortuzebhoc lo pajemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmybrpdmsfnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 749 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap rs thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzb. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xfesitr.geo.s rortuzebhoc lo pajemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmybrpdmsfnk end thtma ga die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh ead.htse hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 750 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap ts theckuestion. wpettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzb. theznlvngd azdutrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuzebhoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnsfnk end thtma ga die my sleip. nixmorc.aazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 751 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novate.ledvcap ts thedluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortu.e.hoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a swa afgxroublesva sdmydrpdmspnk end thsma wa die aa sleyp. nixmord.aazdlbjaa sp.qrhto sch vh ead.ht e hesrdach msnd ihz tucdsand nanpral srnwksf
gen: 752 fit: -106 chromo: py be or novatetledvwap rs thecluestion. woettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsmtr.geo.s rortuzeahoc po pabeaarbs cgaonst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmydrpdmsfnk end thtma ha die ay sleyp. nixmord.uazdlbjaa sp.rrhto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nafpral sbnvksf
gen: 753 fit: -105 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap ts thedluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.goc lo oabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdmspnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorp.aazdlbjaa sp.qrpto sch vh ead.ht e hesrdach msnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 754 fit: -105 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap ts thedluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.goc lo oabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdmspnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorp.aazdlbjaa sp.qrpto sch vh ead.ht e hesrdach msnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 755 fit: -105 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap ts thedluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.goc lo oabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdmspnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorp.aazdlbjaa sp.qrpto sch vh ead.ht e hesrdach msnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 756 fit: -105 chromo: py be or novbtedledvcap ts thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindati suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.hoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a swa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnsfnk end thsma wa die by sleyp. nixmord.aazdlbiaa sp.qrpto ssh uh ead.xt.e hesrdach msnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnwksf
gen: 757 fit: -105 chromo: py be or novbtedledvcap ts thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindati suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.hoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a swa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnsfnk end thsma wa die by sleyp. nixmord.aazdlbiaa sp.qrpto ssh uh ead.xt.e hesrdach msnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnwksf
gen: 758 fit: -105 chromo: py be or novbtedledvcap ts thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindati suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.hoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a swa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdnsfnk end thsma wa die by sleyp. nixmord.aazdlbiaa sp.qrpto ssh uh ead.xt.e hesrdach msnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnwksf
gen: 759 fit: -105 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap ts thedluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.goc lo oabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdmspnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorp.aazdlbjaa sp.qrpto sch vh ead.ht e hesrdach msnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 760 fit: -105 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap ts thedluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.goc lo oabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdmspnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorp.aazdlbjaa sp.qrpto sch vh ead.ht e hesrdach msnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 761 fit: -105 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap ts thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortu.e.hoc po oabeaarbs kgaknst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdmspnk end thtma xa die ay sleyp. nixmord.uazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht.e hesrcach msnd ihz tuodsand nabpral srnvksf
gen: 762 fit: -105 chromo: py be or novatutledvcap ts thecluestion. wnettek tisznoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrdws xfesitr.geo.s rortu.e.hoc lo padeaarbs lgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdmspnl end thtma xa die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vp ead.ht e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral sznvkse
gen: 763 fit: -105 chromo: py be or novatetlexvcap ts thecluestion. woettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. thezflvngd azdutrrdws xfesitr.geo.s rortu.e.hoc lo pademarbs lhaonst a swa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdospnk end thtma ha die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlbjaa sp.rrhto ssh vh ead.ht.e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sznvksf
gen: 764 fit: -105 chromo: py be or novutedledvcap ts thedluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindati suffzb. theznlvngd azdwtrrdws xfesitr.geo.s rortube.xoc lo pabemarbs kgaonst a sta afgxroublesvakshmydrpdnsfnk end thsma wa die ay sleyp. nixmord.uazdlbiaa sp.qrhto ssh uh ead.ht.e hesrdach msnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnwksf
gen: 765 fit: -105 chromo: py be or noratetlepvcap ts thedluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s qortuze.goc lo oabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdmspnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorp.aazdlbjia sp.qrpto sch vh ead.ht e hesrdach msnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 766 fit: -105 chromo: py be or novatedledvcap ts thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindati suffzf. theznlvngd ajdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.hoc lo oabemarbs kgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdasfnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmord.aazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrcach msnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sznwksf
gen: 767 fit: -105 chromo: py be or novatetledvcap ts thedluestion. wnetsel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. thezjlvngd azdutrrdws xfesitr.geo.s rortube.hoc lo oademarbs kgapnst a s a afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdmsfnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorp.mazdpbjaa sh.qrpto ssx vh eid.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 768 fit: -105 chromo: pi be or noratutlepvcap ts thedluestion. wnetsel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xfesitr.geo.s qortuze.xoc lo oabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdmspnk end thtma xa die ay sleyp. nixmorp.mazdpbjia sp.rrpto sch vh ead.ht e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuodsand nanpral sznvksf
gen: 769 fit: -105 chromo: py be or novatetledv ap ds thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf  theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsytr.geo.s rortu.e.goc lo oabeaarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdospnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorp.aazdlbjaa sp.qrdto ssh vh ead.ht.e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuocsand nandral sznwksf
gen: 770 fit: -105 chromo: py be or novatetledv ap ds thecluestion. wnettek tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf  theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsytr.geo.s rortu.e.goc lo oabeaarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdospnk end thtma wa die ay sleyp. nixmorp.aazdlbjaa sp.qrdto ssh vh ead.ht.e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuocsand nandral sznwksf
gen: 771 fit: -105 chromo: py be or novatedledvcap ts thecluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. thaznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.hoc lo oabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvakshmydrpdmsfnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.uazdlbiia sp.qrhto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 772 fit: -105 chromo: py be or novatedlexvdap ts thecluestion. wpettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. thaznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsytr.geo.s rortuze.hoc lo oabemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvakshmydrpdospnk enh thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlbiaa sp.qrhto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sznwksf
gen: 773 fit: -105 chromo: py be or noratutlepvcap ts thedluestion. wnettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. the.nlvngd azdutrrdws xffsitr.geo.s qortuze.goc lo oabemarbs kgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaisdmycqpdmsfnk end thsma wa die aa sleyp. nixmorp.majdpbjia sp.qrpto sch vh ead.ht e hesrcach msnd ihz tuodsand nanpral srnvksf
gen: 774 fit: -104 chromo: py be or novatedlexvcap ts thecluestion. wpettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s qortuze.xoc lo oabemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksgmydrpdospnk enh thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmorc.mazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sznwksf
gen: 775 fit: -104 chromo: py be or novatedlexvcap ts thecluestion. wpettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xfesitr.geo.s qortuze.xoc lo oabemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksgmydrpdosonk enh thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmorc.mazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sznwksf
gen: 776 fit: -104 chromo: py be or novatedlexvcap ts thecluestion. wpettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xfesitr.geo.s qortuze.xoc lo oabemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksgmydrpdosonk enh thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmorc.mazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sznwksf
gen: 777 fit: -104 chromo: py be or noratutlepvcap ts thedluestion. wpetsel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrdws xfesitrtgeo.s qortuze.xoc lo oabemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydrpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmorc.mazdlbjia sp.qrpto ssx vg ead.ht e hesrcach mtnd ihz tumdsand nanpral sznwksf
gen: 778 fit: -104 chromo: ly be or fovatetledvcap ts thedluestion. wpettei tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd a.dwtrrxws xfesitr.geo.s qortuze.goc lo paceaarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksgmydrpdospnk end thtmm ta die by sleyp. nixmorc.uazdlbiia sp.qrpto ssh vh ead.ht e hesrdach mtnd ihr tuodsand nanlral sznvksf
gen: 779 fit: -104 chromo: ly be or novatedledvdap ts thedluestion. wnettei tisjnoblerzjn the mindbti suffzf. theznlungd a.dgtrrxws xfesitr.geo.s qortuze.xoc lo pacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksgmydrpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmorc.mazdlbiaa sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sznuksf
gen: 780 fit: -104 chromo: py be or novatutledvcap ts thedluestion. wpetsel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd a.dwtrrxws xfesitrtgeo.s uortuze.goc lo oabemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksgmydrpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmorc.mazdlbjia sp.qrpto ssx vh ead.ht e hesrcach mtnd ihz tumdsand nanpral sznwksf
gen: 781 fit: -103 chromo: py be or novatetlecvcap ts thecluestion. wpettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrxws xfftitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oabemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdiydrpdospnl end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nitmorc.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.ht e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sznwksf
gen: 782 fit: -103 chromo: py be or novatetlecvcap ts thecluestion. wpettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdutrrxws xfftitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oabemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdiydrpdospnl end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nitmorc.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.ht e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sznwksf
gen: 783 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 784 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 785 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 786 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 787 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thedluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.woc lo oacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ih. tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 788 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thedluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.woc lo oacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ih. tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 789 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thegluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo macemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 790 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thegluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo macemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 791 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnobler.in the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 792 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnobler.in the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 793 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thedluestion. whettel tisjnobler.in the mindbti suffif. theznlungd azdwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oabemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die ay sleyp. nitmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrpto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach m.nd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 794 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 795 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnobler.in the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 796 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffrf. theznlungc a.dwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesxaksdmydqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbngksb
gen: 797 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whetsel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oabemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmytqpdosonk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 798 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whetsel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oabemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmytqpdosonk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 799 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whetsel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oabemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmytqpdosonk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 800 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffrf. theznlungc a.dwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.woc lo oacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesxaksdmydqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbngksb
gen: 801 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffrf. theznlungc a.dwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.woc lo oacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesxaksdmydqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbngksb
gen: 802 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whetsel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oabemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmytqpdosonk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 803 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffrf. theznlvngc a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oacemarbs jgaonst a sta afgxroublesxaksdmydqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbngkse
gen: 804 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whetsel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oabemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmytqpdosonk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 805 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noqatedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffzf. theznlvngd azdwtrrxws xffsitr.geo s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmyhqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 806 fit: -102 chromo: .y be or notatedlecbcap ss thecluession. whetsel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffre. theznlvngc a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geods rortuze.doc lo oacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesxaksdmylqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nihmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 807 fit: -102 chromo: .y be or notatedlecbcap ss thecluession. whetsel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffre. theznlvngc a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geods rortuze.doc lo oacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesxaksdmylqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nihmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 808 fit: -102 chromo: .y be or notatedlecbcap ss thecluession. whetsel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffre. theznlvngc a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geods rortuze.doc lo oacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesxaksdmylqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nihmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 809 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcad ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffrf. theznlungc a.dwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oageearbs jgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnl end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hewrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbngkse
gen: 810 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffrf. theznlvngc a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oacemarbs jgaonst a sta afgxroublesxaksdmydqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbngkse
gen: 811 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffrf. theznlvngc a.dwtrrxws xffsitr.geo s rortuze.xoc lo oaceearbs lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nitmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh ead.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnhkse
gen: 812 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffrb. theznlvngc a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oacemarbs jgaonst a sta afgxroublesxaksdmydqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbngkse
gen: 813 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffrb. theznlvngc a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oacemarbs jgaonst a sta afgxroublesxaksdmydqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbngkse
gen: 814 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or notatedlecbcad ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffre. theznlungc a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oageearbs jgaonst a sta afgxroublesxeksdmydqpdosonl end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nitmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vf eid.xt e hewrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 815 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtk suffrb. theznlvngc a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oacemarbs jgaonst a sta afgxroublesxaksdmydqpdospnk end thtma ta die ay sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh eid.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbngkse
gen: 816 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noqateclecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffrf. theznlvngd a.dwtrrxws xffsitr.geo s rortuze.xoc lo oacemaras lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh ead.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnhkse
gen: 817 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or noratedlecbcad ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbty suffrf. theznlvngc a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oacemarbs jgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nitmorx.mazdlbjaa sn.qrhto ssh vh ead.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz taobsand nanpral sbnhkse
gen: 818 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or notateclecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffrf. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgwroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sjeyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh ead.vt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 819 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or notateclecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffrf. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgwroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sjeyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh ead.vt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 820 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or notatedlecbcad ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffre. theznlvngc a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oacemarbs jgaonst a sta afgxroublesxeksdmydqpdospnl end thtmu ta die ay sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vf eid.xt e hesrcach mdnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbngkse
gen: 821 fit: -102 chromo: ly be or notateclecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffrf. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgaonst a sta afgwroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sjeyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh ead.vt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 822 fit: -101 chromo: ly be or notatecle bcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffrf. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgwroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sjeyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vh ead.vt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuofsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 823 fit: -101 chromo: ly be or notatecle bcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffrf. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgwroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sjeyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vp ead.vt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuofsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 824 fit: -101 chromo: ly be or notatecle bcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffrf. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgwroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sjeyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vp ead.vt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuofsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 825 fit: -101 chromo: ly be or notateclecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffre. theznlvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oacemaras lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qqhto ssh vh ead.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 826 fit: -101 chromo: ly be or notateclecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffre. theznlvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oacemaras lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qqhto ssh vh ead.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 827 fit: -101 chromo: ly be or notateclecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbti suffre. theznlvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xoc lo oacemaras lgaonst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qqhto ssh vh ead.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 828 fit: -101 chromo: ly be or notateclecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbf. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qqhto ssh vh ead.vt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 829 fit: -101 chromo: ly be or notateclecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbf. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws gffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdjydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qqhto ssh vh ead.vt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sjnbkse
gen: 830 fit: -101 chromo: ly be or notateclecbcap ss thecluestion. whettel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbf. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws gffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdjydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qqhto ssh vh ead.vt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sjnbkse
gen: 831 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notatecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgalnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vp ead.xt e hesrcach mdnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 832 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notatecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgalnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vp ead.xt e hesrcach mdnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 833 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vp ead.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbnbkse
gen: 834 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vp ead.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbnbkse
gen: 835 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vp ead.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbnbkse
gen: 836 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notatecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.tod lo oacemarbs lgalnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vp ead.xt e hesrcach mdnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 837 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcan ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerrin the mindbtj suffre. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vp ead.vt e hesrcach mdnd ihz tuofsand nanhral sbnbkse
gen: 838 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcan ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerrin the mindbtj suffre. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vp ead.vt e hesrcach mdnd ihz tuofsand nanhral sbnbkse
gen: 839 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die am sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssd vp ead.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbnbkse
gen: 840 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notatecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffrf. therflvngd a.dwtrrwws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta bfgwroublesvaksdjydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh vp ead.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 841 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobler.in the mindbtj suffbf. thezflvngd azdwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oaceaarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaltdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die ab sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssh up ead.vt e hesrcach mdnd ih  tuobsand nanpral sbnbkse
gen: 842 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbf. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortube.xod lo oacemaras lgapnst a sra afgdroublesvaksdmydqpdosdnk end thtmu tq die am sleyp. nixmord.eazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssd vp ead.ft e hesrcach mdnd ihz tuofsand nanpral sbnhkse
gen: 843 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die am sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssd vp ead.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbnbkse
gen: 844 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitrzgeo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta yfgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu tq die am sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssd vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbnbkse
gen: 845 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitrzgeo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta yfgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu tq die am sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssd vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbnbkse
gen: 846 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbf. thezflvngd addwtrrxws wffsitr.geozs rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgalnst a sra afgxroublesvaksdmydspdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmord.eazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssd vp ead.vt e hesrcach mdnd ih  tuobsand nanpral sbjvkse
gen: 847 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbf. thezflvngd addwtrrxws wffsitr.geozs rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgalnst a sra afgxroublesvaksdmydspdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmord.eazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssd vp ead.vt e hesrcach mdnd ih  tuobsand nanpral sbjvkse
gen: 848 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbf. thezflvngd addwtrrxws wffsitr.geozs rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgalnst a sra afgxroublesvaksdmydspdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmord.eazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssd vp ead.vt e hesrcach mdnd ih  tuobsand nanpral sbjvkse
gen: 849 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbf. thezflvngd addwtrrxws wffsitr.geozs rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgalnst a sra afgxroublesvaksdmydspdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmord.eazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssd vp ead.vt e hesrcach mdnd ih  tuobsand nanpral sbjvkse
gen: 850 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbf. thezflvngd addwtrrxws wffsitr.geozs rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgalnst a sra afgxroublesvaksdmydspdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmord.eazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssd vp ead.vt e hesrcach mdnd ih  tuobsand nanpral sbjvkse
gen: 851 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.tod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afoxroublesvaksdmydypcospnk end thtmv tb die am sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qqhto ssd vp ead.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbnbkse
gen: 852 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.tod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afoxroublesvaksdmydypcospnk end thtmv tb die am sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qqhto ssd vp ead.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbnbkse
gen: 853 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffre. therflvngd a.dwtrrwws wffsitr.geozs rortuze.wod lo oacemarbs lgalnst a sta bfgwroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmord.eazdlbjaa sp.srhto ssh vo ead.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbjvkse
gen: 854 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffre. therflvngd a.dwtrrwws wffsitr.geozs rortuze.wod lo oacemarbs lgalnst a sta bfgwroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmord.eazdlbjaa sp.srhto ssh vo ead.xt e hesrcach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanpral sbjvkse
gen: 855 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notatacle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgalnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmydqpcospnk end thtmv tb die am sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qrhto ssd vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbnbkse
gen: 856 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbf. thezflvngd addwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgalnst a sta afgwroublesvakslmydqpdospnk end thtmu tq die am sleyp. nixmord.eazdlbjea sp. rhto ssd vp ead.vt e hesrcach mdnd ihy tuobsand nanpral sbjbkse
gen: 857 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbf. thezflvngd addwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgalnst a sta afgwroublesvakslmydqpdospnk end thtmu tq die am sleyp. nixmord.eazdlbjea sp. rhto ssd vp ead.vt e hesrcach mdnd ihy tuobsand nanpral sbjbkse
gen: 858 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbf. thezflvngd addwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgalnst a sta afgwroublesvakslmydqpdospnk end thtmu tq die am sleyp. nixmord.eazdlbjea sp. rhto ssd vp ead.vt e hesrcach mdnd ihy tuobsand nanpral sbjbkse
gen: 859 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbf. thezflvngd addwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgalnst a sta afgwroublesvakslmydqpdospnk end thtmu tq die am sleyp. nixmord.eazdlbjea sp. rhto ssd vp ead.vt e hesrcach mdnd ihy tuobsand nanpral sbjbkse
gen: 860 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbf. thezflvngd addwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgalnst a sta afgwroublesvakslmydqpdospnk end thtmu tq die am sleyp. nixmord.eazdlbjea sp. rhto ssd vp ead.vt e hesrcach mdnd ihy tuobsand nanpral sbjbkse
gen: 861 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu tb die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qqhto ssd vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 862 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notutecle bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd addwtrrxws xffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgalnst a sta yfgwroublesvakslmydqpdospnk end thtmu tq die am sleyp. nixmord.mazdlbjaa sp. rhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanpral sjjbkse
gen: 863 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap  s thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesuaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu tb die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qqhto ssd vp eid.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 864 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap  s thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesuaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu tb die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qqhto ssd vp eid.wt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 865 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu tb die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qqhto ssd vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 866 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu tb die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qqhto ssd vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 867 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qqhto ssd vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 868 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qqhto ssd vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 869 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu tb die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qqhto ssd vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 870 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu tb die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qqhto ssd vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 871 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu tb die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qqhto ssd vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 872 fit: -100 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmydqpdospnk end thtmu tb die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sp.qqhto ssd vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 873 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 874 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 875 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 876 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 877 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 878 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 879 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 880 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 881 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 882 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 883 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 884 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 885 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 886 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 887 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 888 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 889 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 890 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 891 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 892 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcal ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerbin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rmrtuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdiyhqpdospng end thrmv ta die ba sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 893 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcal ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerbin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rmrtuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdiyhqpdospng end thrmv ta die ba sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 894 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcal ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerbin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rmrtuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgaonst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdiyhqpdospng end thrmv ta die ba sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 895 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s tortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 896 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s tortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 897 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtjysuffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a sta afgxroublesvaksdmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vl ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 898 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcal ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s.rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgahnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleqp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt.e hesroachketnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 899 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestikn. whetxel tisjnoblerbin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdoslng end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorw.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 900 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s qortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksjmyhqpdospnk end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto ssd vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 901 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcal ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s.tortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgahnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die aa sleqp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach etnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 902 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfkpe bcap ss thfcluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezelungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s vortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto ssd vp ead.xt.e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 903 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcal ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerbin the mindbtj suffbe. thezelungd a.dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvakslmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbkqu
gen: 904 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfkpe bcal ss thucluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerbin the mindbtj suffbe. thezelungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 905 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfkpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxep tisznoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s vortuze.vod ko oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksliydqpdospng end thtmv da die aa sleqp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt.e hesroach etnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 906 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwxrrxws wffsitr.geo.s rortuze.xod lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroualesvaksdmyhqpdospng end thtmu ti die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.rrhto ssd vl ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 907 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfkpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisznoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s vortuze.vod ko oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksliyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto ssd vp ead.xt.e hesroach etnd ihy tuobsamd nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 908 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfkpe bcal ss thucluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerbin the mindbtj suffde. thezelungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbraa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 909 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfkpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisznoblerzin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wffsitr.geo.s vortuze.vod ko oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksliyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto ssd vp ead.xt.e hesroach etnd ihy tuobsamd nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 910 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfkpe ncap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindntj suffbe. thezflunod a.dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s tortuze.xod ko oacemarbs lgahnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksliydqpdospng end thtmu ta die aa sleqp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 911 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfkpe ncap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblerzin the mindmtj suffbe. thezflunod a.dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s tortuze.xod ko oacemarbs lgahnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksliydqpdospng end th.mu ta die aa sleqp. nixmorx.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 912 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfkpe ncap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblebbin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s tortuze.xod ko oacemarbs lgafnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksliydqpdospng end th.mu ta die aa sleyp. nixmoru.mazdlbjaa sl.qrhto ssd vp ead.xt.e hewroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjaksu
gen: 913 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfkpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnoblebbin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s vortuze.xod ko oacemarbs lgafnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksliyhqpdospng end th.mu ta die ba sleyp. nixmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto ssd vp eed.xt.e hewroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjaksu
gen: 914 fit: -99 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whe.xel tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflvngd a.dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmyhqpdospng end thtmu ti die aa sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 915 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 916 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 917 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 918 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 919 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 920 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisznobleryin the mindbti suffbe. thezflungd a.dwtrrxws wfesitr.geols rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesua sdmyhqpdospng end thtmu ti die aa sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.srhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbjbksu
gen: 921 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vh ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 922 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vh ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 923 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vh ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 924 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vh ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 925 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vh ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 926 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vh ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 927 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.ho. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdosong end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 928 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesjtr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oademarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die va sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 929 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vh ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 930 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vh ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 931 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vh ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 932 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungp a dwrrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.ho. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdosong end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbaksu
gen: 933 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesjtr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdosong end thtmu ta die va sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 934 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesjtr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdosong end thtmu ta die va sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 935 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesjtr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdosong end thtmu ta die va sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 936 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesjtr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdosong end thtmu ta die va sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 937 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisznobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesua sdmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nismorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 938 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sbmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vd ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 939 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisznobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesua sdmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. nismorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 940 fit: -98 chromo: lz be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.ho. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdosong end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. nismorx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd mhz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 941 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdosong end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std vp ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuojsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 942 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfspe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd acdwrrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.ho. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. nismorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vp ead.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbaksu
gen: 943 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmyhypdospng end thtmu ta die aa sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vd ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 944 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. wgetxek tisznobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs dgannst a ssa afgxroublesva sbmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. ni morx.mazdlbbaa sl.rrhto std vp ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 945 fit: -98 chromo: lz be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. nismorx.mazdlbaaa sl.qrhto std vd ead.xt e hesroach ntnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 946 fit: -98 chromo: lz be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. nismorx.mazdlbaaa sl.qrhto std vd ead.xt e hesroach ntnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 947 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhypdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. niwmorx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std vd ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 948 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqptosong end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. niwmorx.mazd.bdaa sl.qrhto std vp ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuojsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 949 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmyhqptosong end thtmu ta die ab sleyp. ni morx.mazd.bbaa sl.qqhto std vp ebd.xt eshesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksq
gen: 950 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. wgetxek tisznobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs dgannst a ssa afgxroublesva sbmyhqpdoshng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. ni morx.maydlbbaa sl.rrhto std vp ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 951 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs jgannst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdosong end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. ni morx.mazd.bdaa sl.qrhto std vp ebd.xtye hesrocch mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 952 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtj suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfesitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs jgannst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdosong end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. ni morx.mazd.bdaa sl.qrhto std vp ebd.xtye hesrocch mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 953 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwtrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgannst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyl. ni morx.mabdlbdaa sl.qrhto std vd ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 954 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcne bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs dgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sbmahqptosong end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. ni morx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vp ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuojsand nanhral sbbbksq
gen: 955 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcne bcap ss thecluestion. whetxel tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs dgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sbmahqptosong end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. ni morx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vp ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihy tuojsand nanhral sbbbksq
gen: 956 fit: -98 chromo: lz be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisznobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. theznlungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. nismorx.mazdlbbaa sl.rrhto std vo ebd.xt.e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 957 fit: -98 chromo: lz be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisznobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. theznlungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sjmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. nismorx.mazdlbbaa sl.rrhto std vo ebd.xt.e hesroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 958 fit: -98 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thecluestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgannst a ssa afgxroublesva sbmahqpdospng end thtmu ta die au sleyp. ni morx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std vp ebd.xt e heqroach mtnd ihy tuobsand nanpral sbbbksu
gen: 959 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmyhqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksa
gen: 960 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmyhqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksa
gen: 961 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmyhqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksa
gen: 962 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmyhqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksa
gen: 963 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmyhqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksa
gen: 964 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmyhqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksa
gen: 965 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmyhqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksa
gen: 966 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmyhqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksa
gen: 967 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmyhqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksa
gen: 968 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sbmyhqpdospng end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. ni morx.mazdlbbqa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sabbksa
gen: 969 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbm. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmyhqpcosong end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. ni morx.mabdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 970 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbm. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmyhqpcosong end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. ni morx.mabdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 971 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo oacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmyhqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksa
gen: 972 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbm. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmyhqpcosong end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. ni morx.mabdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 973 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbm. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmyhqpcosong end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. ni morx.mabdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 974 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbm. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa bfgxroublesva sdmyhqpdosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 975 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbm. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa bfgxroublesva sdmyhqpdosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksu
gen: 976 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thezflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgvroublesva sdmyhqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mabdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksa
gen: 977 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo pacemarbs igapnst a ssa bfgxroublesva sdmyhqpcosong end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. ni morx.mabdlbbaa sl.qqhto std xd ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksa
gen: 978 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo pacemarbs igapnst a ssa bfgxroublesva sdmyhqpcosong end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. ni morx.mabdlbbaa sl.qqhto std xd ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksa
gen: 979 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo pacemarbs igapnst a ssa bfgxroublesva sdmyhqpcosong end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. ni morx.mabdlbbaa sl.qqhto std xd ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksa
gen: 980 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo pacemarbs igapnst a ssa bfgxroublesva sdmyhqpcosong end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. ni morx.mabdlbbaa sl.qqhto std xd ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksa
gen: 981 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortu.e.xo. lo pacemarvs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmyhqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesrkachcmtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksa
gen: 982 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. ko pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa bfgxroublesva  dmyhqpcosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mabdlbbaa sl.qqdto std xo ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksa
gen: 983 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbm. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo pacemarbs lgapnst a ssa bfgxroublesva sdmyhqpdosong end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. nk morx.nazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksa
gen: 984 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbm. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo pacemarbs lgapnst a ssa bfgxroublesva sdmyhqpdosong end thtmu ta die ba sleyp. nk morx.nazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksa
gen: 985 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo  ko pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 986 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo  ko pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 987 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo  ko pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 988 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ts thealuestion. whetxec tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dgrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo. ko pacemarbs igapnst a ssa bfgxroublesva  dmyhqpcosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mabdlbdaa sl.qqdto std xd ebd.dt e hetroach mxnd yhz tuobsand nanhral sbbbksa
gen: 989 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfm itr.geo.s rortu.e.xo. lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesrkachcmtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksa
gen: 990 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfm itr.geo.s rortu.e.xo. lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesrkachcmtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksa
gen: 991 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo  ko pacemarvs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 992 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo  ko pacemarvs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 993 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo  ko pacemarvs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 994 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo  ko pacemarvs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesroach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 995 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfm itr.geo.s rortu.e.xo. lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesrkachcmtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksa
gen: 996 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd acdwrrrxws wfm itr.geo.s rortu.e.xo. lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesrkachcmtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksa
gen: 997 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfm itr.geo.s rortu.e.xo. lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesvaksdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. nm morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesrkachcmtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksa
gen: 998 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfm itr.geo s rortu.e.xo. ko pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afhxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesrkachcmtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 999 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.ho. ko paceiarbs jgapnst a ssa afhxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesroachcmtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1000 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortu.e.xo. ko pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afhxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuojsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1001 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbm. thebnlungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s zortuze.xo  lo pacemarvs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmv ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mabdlbbaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesrkachcmdnd ihz tuodsand nanhral sbabksa
gen: 1002 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfm itr.geo.s rortu.e.xo. lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesrkachcmtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksa
gen: 1003 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfm itr.geo.s rortu.e.xo. lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesrkachcmtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksa
gen: 1004 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortu.e.xo. ko pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afhxroublesva sdeygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuojsand nanfral sbabksu
gen: 1005 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfm itr.geo s rortu.e.xo. ko pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afhxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesrkachcmtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1006 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbm. thebnlungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s zortuze.xo  lo pacemarvs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmv ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mabdlbbaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesrkachcmdnd ihz tuodsand nanhral sbabksa
gen: 1007 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbm. theznlungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s zortuze.xo  lo pacemarvs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmv ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbbaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesrkachcmdnd ihz tuodsand nanhral sbabksa
gen: 1008 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindatl suffbi. thebnlungd a dwrrrxws wfmsjtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarvs jgapnst a ssa dfhxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmv ta die ba slezp. na morx.mabdlbdaa sl.arhto std xd erd.xt e hesrkachcmdnd jhz tuodsand nanhral sbabksa
gen: 1009 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfm itr.geo s rortu.e.xo. ko pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afhxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlblaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesrkachcmtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1010 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsjtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afhxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmv ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd erd.xtye hesroachcmdnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1011 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortu.e.xo. ko paceiarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1012 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortu.e.xo. ko paceiarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygrptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1013 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfm itr.geo s rortu.e.xo. ko pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afhxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmu tc die ba slezp. ni morx.mazdlblaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesrkachcmtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1014 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfm jtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmv ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mabdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesrkachcmtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksa
gen: 1015 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindvtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrwws wfm jtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmv ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mabdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd ebd.xt e hesrkachcmtnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbabksa
gen: 1016 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebnlungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortu.e.xo. ko pacemarvs jgalnst a ssa afhxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thsmu tb die ba slezp. ni morx.aazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuohsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1017 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortu.e.xo. ko paceiarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygrptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesr ach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1018 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakeiarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmv ta die ba slezp. nikmord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand naphral sbibksu
gen: 1019 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfmsitr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakeiarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmv ta die ba slezp. nikmord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand naphral sbibksu
gen: 1020 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortu.e.xo. ko paceiarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygrptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesr ach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1021 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrwws wfm jtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmv ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesrkachcmtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1022 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrwws wfm jtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmv ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesrkachcmtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1023 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmv ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1024 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebflungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  ko pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva wdmygqptosong end thtmu ta die ba slezp. ni morx.mabdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo ebd.xt e hesr ach mtnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1025 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebnlungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortu.e.xo. ko pacemarvs jgalnst a ssa afhxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thsmu tb die ba slezp. ni morx.aazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd mhz tuohsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1026 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva tdmygqptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1027 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva tdmygqptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1028 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebnlungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortu.e.xo. ko pacemarvs jgalnst a ssa afhxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thsmu tb die ba slezp. ni morx.aazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd mhz tuohsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1029 fit: -97 chromo: ly be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebnlungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortu.e.xo. ko pacemarvs jgalnst a ssa afhxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thsmu tb die ba slezp. ni morx.aazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xd erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd mhz tuohsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1030 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmv ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1031 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmv ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbtaa sl.qrhto std xo erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1032 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmv ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbtaa sl.qrhto std xo erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1033 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmv ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbtaa sl.qrhto std xo erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1034 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva tdmygqptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1035 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrwws wfm jtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs lgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva sdmygqptosong end thtmv ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std to ebd.xt e hesrkachcmtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1036 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatncpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo. lo pacemarbs zgalnst a ssa afgxroublesva tdeygqptosong end thtmv ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto sth xo erd.wt e hesrkach mtbd ihz tuohsand nanhral sjabksu
gen: 1037 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo dacemarbs jgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva tdmygqptosong end thtmv ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1038 fit: -97 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whetxeo tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm jtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  ko dacemarbs jgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva.tdmygqptosong end thtmv ta die ba slezp. ni morx.aazdlbdaa sl.qbhto std xd erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbaaksu
gen: 1039 fit: -96 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva tlmygqptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo erd.xt.e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1040 fit: -96 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva tlmygqptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto std xo erd.xt.e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1041 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlmygsptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdjbdaa sl.qrhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1042 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlmygsptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdjbdaa sl.qrhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1043 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlmygsptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdjbdaa sl.qrhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1044 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcad ss thealuestion. whetheo tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qbhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach ornd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbcbksu
gen: 1045 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcad ss thealuestion. whetheo tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qbhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach ornd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbcbksu
gen: 1046 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcad ss thealuestion. whetheo tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qbhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach ornd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbcbksu
gen: 1047 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcad ss thealuestion. whetheo tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qbhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach ornd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbcbksu
gen: 1048 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcad ss thealuestion. whetheo tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qbhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach ornd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbcbksu
gen: 1049 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcad ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qbhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach mrnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbcbksu
gen: 1050 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcad ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qbhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach mrnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbcbksu
gen: 1051 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcad ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qbhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach mrnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbcbksu
gen: 1052 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcad ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qbhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach mrnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbcbksu
gen: 1053 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcad ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qbhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach mrnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbcbksu
gen: 1054 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcad ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qbhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach mrnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbcbksu
gen: 1055 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcad ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qbhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach mrnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbcbksu
gen: 1056 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcad ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qbhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach mrnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbcbksu
gen: 1057 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcad ss thealuestion. whetheo tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.ybhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach ornd ihy tvobsand nanhral sbcbksu
gen: 1058 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcad ss thealuestion. whetheo tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qbhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach ornd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbcbksu
gen: 1059 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcad ss thealuestion. whetheo tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qbhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach ornd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbcbksu
gen: 1060 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlmygsptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdjbdaa sl.qrhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1061 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlmygsptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdjbdaa sl.qrhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1062 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosgng end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni morc.mazdjbbaa sl.abhto sth xo erd.xt e hesriach mrnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1063 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlmygsptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdjbdaa sl.qrhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkachymtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1064 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a ssa afghroublesva dlmygsptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdjbdaa sl.qrhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1065 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a ssa afghroublesva dlmygsptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdjbdaa sl.qrhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tvobsand nangral sbabksu
gen: 1066 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtp suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto sth xo erd.xt e hewrkach mtnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbcbksu
gen: 1067 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afghroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1068 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtp suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto sth xo erd.xt e hewrkach mtnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbcbksu
gen: 1069 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a ssa afghroublesva dlmygsptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdjbdaa sl.qrhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1070 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bdap ss thealuestion. whethel tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a ssa bfgxroublesva dlmygsptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdjbdaa sl.qrhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkachymtnd ihz tuobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1071 fit: -95 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfm mtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a ssa afghroublesva dlmygsptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.qrhto sth xo erd.xt e hesrkach mtnd ihz tvobsand nangral sbabksu
gen: 1072 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.abhto sth wo erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1073 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.abhto sth wo erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1074 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.abhto sth wo erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1075 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisinoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dxrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thxmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.arhto sxf wo erd.xt e hewriach mrnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1076 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisinoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dxrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thxmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.arhto sxf wo erd.xt e hewriach mrnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1077 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisinoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dxrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thxmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.arhto sxf wo erd.xt e hewriach mrnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1078 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisinoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dxrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thxmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.arhto sxf wo erd.xt e hewriach mrnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1079 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisinoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dxrrrxws wfm atr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thxmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.arhto sxf wo erd.xt e hewriach mrnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sbabksu
gen: 1080 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap  s thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  .o pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni morc.nazdlbdaa sl.qrhto sth wo erd.xt e hesriachymtnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1081 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap  s thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  .o pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni morc.nazdlbdaa sl.qrhto sth wo erd.xt e hesriachymtnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1082 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap  s thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  .o pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni morc.nazdlbdaa sl.qrhto sth wo erd.xt e hesriachymtnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1083 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.abhto sth wo erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1084 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcao ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.abhto sth wo erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1085 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcao ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.abhto sth wo erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1086 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcao ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.abhto sth wo erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1087 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatecpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thxmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.nazdlbbaa sl.arhto stg wo erd.xt e hewriach mrnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1088 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.nazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wo erd.xt e hewriach mrnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1089 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap  s thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  .o pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni morc.nazdlbdaa sl.qqhto sth wo erd.xt e hesriachymtnd mhz tvodsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1090 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni morc.nazdlbbaa sl.qrhto sth wo erd.xt e hesriach mrnd mhz tvodsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1091 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarbs zgapnst a sqa afgxroublesva dlaygspsosong end thtmbcta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.abhto sth wo erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1092 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethel tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afghroublesva dlmyguptosong end thxmb ta die ba slezp. ni morc.nazdkbdaa sl.arhto stg wo erd.xt e hewriachymtnd mhz tvodsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1093 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ss thealuestion. whethel tisjnobleryin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarbs zgapnst a sqa afghroublesva dlmyguptosong end thxmb ta die ba slezp. ni morc.nazdkbdaa sl.arhto stg wo erd.xt e hewriachymtnd mhz tvodsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1094 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmn ta die ba slezp. ni mord.nazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wo erd.xt e hewriach mrnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1095 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmn ta die ba slezp. ni mord.nazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wo erd.xt e hewriach mrnd ihz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1096 fit: -94 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pacemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlmyguptosong end thtmn ta die ba slezp. ni mord.nazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wo erd.xt e hewriach mrnd ihz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1097 fit: -93 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemards zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlaygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1098 fit: -93 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemards zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlaygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1099 fit: -93 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemards zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlaygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1100 fit: -93 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemards zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlaygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1101 fit: -93 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemards zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlaygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1102 fit: -93 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemards zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlaygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1103 fit: -93 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemards zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlaygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1104 fit: -93 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemards zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlaygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1105 fit: -93 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcqtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemards zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlaygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1106 fit: -93 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcqtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemards zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlaygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1107 fit: -93 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcqtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemards zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlaygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1108 fit: -93 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcqtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemards zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlaygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1109 fit: -93 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemards zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlaygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1110 fit: -93 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemards zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlaygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1111 fit: -93 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcatr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemards zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlaygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1112 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afghroublesva dlmyguptospng end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1113 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afghroublesva dlmyguptospng end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1114 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afghroublesva dlmyguptospng end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1115 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afghroublesva dlmyguptospng end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1116 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afghroublesva dlmyguptospng end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1117 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afghroublesva dlmyguptospng end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1118 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afghroublesva dlmyguptospng end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1119 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afghroublesva dlmyguptospng end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1120 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afghroublesva dlmyguptospng end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1121 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungc a dwrrrxws wfmautr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afghroublesva dlmyguptospng end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1122 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcao ts theakuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungc a dwrrrxws wfmautr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarrs zgapnst a ssa afghroublesva dlmyguptospng end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tvobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1123 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ds theakuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungc a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuje.xo  lo pakemards zgapnst a ssa afghroublesva dlaygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdpbdaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhr tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1124 fit: -92 chromo: ja be or notatfcpe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungc a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s qortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgxroublesva dlaygvpsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdpbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mrnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1125 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa mfgxroublesva dlmygupsospng end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1126 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungc a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuje.xo  lo pakemards zgapnst a ssa afghroublesva dlayguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdpbdaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhr tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1127 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungc a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuje.xo  lo pakemards zgapnst a ssa afghroublesva dlayguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdpbdaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhr tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1128 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungc a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuje.xo  lo pakemards zgapnst a ssa afghroublesva dlayguptosong end thtmb ta die ba slezp. ni mord.mazdpbdaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhr tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1129 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s qortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa mfhtroublesva dlmygupsospng end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdpzdaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1130 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s qortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa mfhtroublesva dlmygupsospng end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdpzdaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1131 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s qortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa mfhtroublesva dlmygupsospng end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdpzdaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1132 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa mfgxroublesva dlmygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhr tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1133 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa mfgxroublesva dlmygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhr tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1134 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuje.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa mfgxroublesva dlmygupsosong end th.mb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbdaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tfobsand namhral sacbksu
gen: 1135 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa mfgxroublesva dlmygupsospng end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.aqhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1136 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungc a durrrxws wfmsutr.geo.s qortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a swa afgxroublesva d.aygvpsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach nqnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksw
gen: 1137 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungc a durrrxws wfmsutr.geo.s qortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a swa afgxroublesva d.aygvpsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach nqnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksw
gen: 1138 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ds theakuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the minddtl  uffbe. thebblungc a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geols qortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afhtroublesva dlaygupsospng end thtmb tc die za slezp. ni mord.mazdpbdaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhr tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1139 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ds theakuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the minddtl  uffbe. thebblungc a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geols qortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afhtroublesva dlaygupsospng end thtmb tc die za slezp. ni mord.mazdpbdaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhr tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1140 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ds theakuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the minddtl  uffbe. thebblungc a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geols qortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afhtroublesva dlaygupsospng end thtmb tc die za slezp. ni mord.mazdpbdaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhr tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1141 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ds theakuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the minddtl  uffbe. thebblungc a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geols qortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afhtroublesva dlaygupsospng end thtmb tc die za slezp. ni mord.mazdpbdaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhr tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1142 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatfcde bcap ds theakuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the minddtl  uffbe. thebblungc a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geols qortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afhtroublesva dlaygupsospng end thtmb tc die za slezp. ni mord.mazdpbdaa sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhr tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1143 fit: -92 chromo: jy be or notatecde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffnm. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuje.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa mfgtrmublesva dlaygupsosong end thtmb ta die zm slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hesriach nqnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1144 fit: -92 chromo: j  be or notctfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungc a dwrrrxxs wfmcutr.geo.s rortuye.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a s a mfgxroublesva d.eygrpsospng end thtmb ta die za sleyp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.aqhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mand mhz tfobsand namhral sagbksu
gen: 1145 fit: -92 chromo: ja be or notatfcpe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtp suffne. thebblungd a durrrxws wfmsutr.geo.s qortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a swa afgtroublesva d.aygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhtk sth wm erd.xt e hewriach nqnd mhr tfobsand nanhral sacbksa
gen: 1146 fit: -92 chromo: ji be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a s a mfgxroublesva dlmygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sdh wm erd.xt e hewrmach mqnd mhr tfobsand nanhral sacbksa
gen: 1147 fit: -92 chromo: ji be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a s a mfgxroublesva dlmygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sdh wm erd.xt e hewrmach mqnd mhr tfobsand nanhral sacbksa
gen: 1148 fit: -92 chromo: ji be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffbe. thebblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a s a mfgxroublesva dlmygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sdh wm erd.xt e hewrmach mqnd mhr tfobsand nanhral sacbksa
gen: 1149 fit: -91 chromo: ji be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtp suffne. thebblungd a durrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s qortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a swa mfhtroublesva d.mygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth wa erd.xt e hewrmach mqnd mhr tfobsand nanhral sacbksa
gen: 1150 fit: -91 chromo: ji be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtp suffne. thebblungd a durrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s qortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a swa mfhtroublesva d.mygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth wa erd.xt e hewrmach mqnd mhr tfobsand nanhral sacbksa
gen: 1151 fit: -91 chromo: ji be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtp suffne. thebblungd a durrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s qortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a swa mfhtroublesva d.mygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth wa erd.xt e hewrmach mqnd mhr tfobsand nanhral sacbksa
gen: 1152 fit: -91 chromo: ji be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtp suffne. thebblungd a durrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s qortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a swa mfhtroublesva d.mygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth wa erd.xt e hewrmach mqnd mhr tfobsand nanhral sacbksa
gen: 1153 fit: -91 chromo: ji be or notatfcde bcap ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtp suffne. thebblungd a durrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s qortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a swa mfhtroublesva d.mygupsosong end thtmb ta die za slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth wa erd.xt e hewrmach mqnd mhr tfobsand nanhral sacbksa
gen: 1154 fit: -91 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thevblungc a dwrrrxws wfmsvtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa nfgtroublesva d.mygupsosmng end thtmb.ta die zm slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewrmach mand mhz thobsand nanhral sadbksu
gen: 1155 fit: -91 chromo: jy be or notatfcpe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thevblungc a dwrrrxws wfmsvtr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa nfgtroublesva d.mygupsosmng end thtmb.ta die zm slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewrmach mand mhz thobsand nanhral sadbksu
gen: 1156 fit: -90 chromo: ja be or notatfcde bcao ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgtroublesva d.aygvpsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sldarhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1157 fit: -90 chromo: ja be or notatfcde bcao ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgtroublesva d.aygvpsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sldarhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1158 fit: -90 chromo: ja be or notatfcde bcao ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgtroublesva d.aygvpsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sldarhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1159 fit: -90 chromo: ja be or notatfcde bcao ts thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thebblungd a dwrrrxws wfmsutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgtroublesva d.aygvpsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sldarhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mqnd mhz tfobsand nanhral sacbksu
gen: 1160 fit: -90 chromo: jy be or notatfdpe bcao ts theakuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the minddtp suffne. thebblungd a durrrxws wfmcutr.geo.s qortuze.xoy lo pakemarvs jgapnst a swa afgtroublesva d.mygvpsosong end thtmb tq die za sleyp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sldarhto sth wm erd.xt e hesriach mqnd mhz thobsand nanhral sacbksa
gen: 1161 fit: -90 chromo: ja be or notatfcde bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemirvs zgapnst a ssa afhtroublesva dlaygapsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sldarhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mand mhz tfobsand nanhral sadbksu
gen: 1162 fit: -90 chromo: ji be or notatfcbe bcao dsythealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.gep.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa mfgtroublesva d.mygapsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mand mhz tfobsand nanhral sadbksu
gen: 1163 fit: -90 chromo: ji be or notatfcbe bcao dsythealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.gep.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa mfgtroublesva d.mygapsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mand mhz tfobsand nanhral sadbksu
gen: 1164 fit: -90 chromo: ji be or notatfcbe bcao dsythealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.gep.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa mfgtroublesva d.mygapsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mand mhz tfobsand nanhral sadbksu
gen: 1165 fit: -90 chromo: ji be or notatfcbe bcao dsythealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.gep.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa mfgtroublesva d.mygapsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mand mhz tfobsand nanhral sadbksu
gen: 1166 fit: -90 chromo: ji be or notatfcbe bcao dsythealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.gep.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa mfgtroublesva d.mygapsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mand mhz tfobsand nanhral sadbksu
gen: 1167 fit: -90 chromo: ji be or notatfcbe bcap ds thealuestion. whethe  tisjnoblerzin the mindbtp suffne. thevblvngd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lokpacemirvs zgapnst a swa afhtroublesva d.aygapsospng end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth we erd.xt e hesriach mand mhz tfobsand nanhral sadbksu
gen: 1168 fit: -90 chromo: ja be or notatfqpe bcap ts thealuestion. whethe  tisjnoblerzin the mindbtp suffne. thevblungd a dcrrrtws wfmsutr.geo.s qortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa mfgtroubjesxa dlmygxpqospjg end thtmb ta die zo sle.p. ni mord.mazdlbbaa sl.arhto sth we erd.xt e hewrmach mand mhr thobwand nanhral satbksa
gen: 1169 fit: -90 chromo: ja be or notatfdbe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thevblvngd a durrrtwscwfmcutr.geo.s qortuze.xo  lo pacemirbs zgapnst a swa afhtroublesva dlaygupsospng end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth we evd.xt e hewriach eand mhz thobsqnd nanhral sadbksu
gen: 1170 fit: -88 chromo: ja be or notatfcde bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the minddtp suffne. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgtroublesva d aygapsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sldarhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mand mhz tfobsand nanhral sadbksu
gen: 1171 fit: -88 chromo: ja be or notatfcde bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the minddtp suffne. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgtroublesva d aygapsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sldarhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mand mhz tfobsand nanhral sadbksu
gen: 1172 fit: -88 chromo: ja be or notatfcde bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the minddtp suffne. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgtroublesva d aygapsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sldarhto sth wm erd.xt e hewriach mand mhz tfobsand nanhral sadbksu
gen: 1173 fit: -88 chromo: jy be or notatfdbe bcap ds thealuestion. whethe  tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thebblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo palemarvs zgapnst a swa afdtroublesva d mygapsospng fnd thsmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbya sldarhto sth we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz tfobsand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1174 fit: -88 chromo: ja be or notatfdbe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortwze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgtroublesva d mygapsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbya sldarhto sth wm eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz tfobsand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1175 fit: -88 chromo: ja be or notatfcbe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtp suffne. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmsutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgtroublesva d a gapsosong end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto srh we erd.xt e hewriach mand mhz tfobsand nanhral.sabbksu
gen: 1176 fit: -87 chromo: ja be or notatfdbe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffna. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgtroublesva d mygapsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbya sldarhto sth wm eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz tfobsand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1177 fit: -87 chromo: ja be or notatfdbe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffna. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgtroublesva d mygapsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbya sldarhto sth wm eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz tfobsand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1178 fit: -87 chromo: ja be or notatfdbe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffna. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgtroublesva d mygapsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbya sldarhto sth wm eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz tfobsand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1179 fit: -87 chromo: ja be or notatfdbe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffna. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgtroublesva d mygapsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbya sldarhto sth wm eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz tfobsand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1180 fit: -87 chromo: ja be or notatfdbe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffna. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgtroublesva d mygapsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbya sldarhto sth wm eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz tfobsand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1181 fit: -87 chromo: jy be or notatecbe bcap ds thealuestion. whexhe  tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geods rortuze.vo  lo pakemarns jgapnst a swa afgtroublesva d mygapsospng end thtmb tb die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbya sl.arhto sth we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz tfobsand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1182 fit: -87 chromo: jy be or notatecbe bcap ds thealuestion. whexhe  tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geods rortuze.vo  lo pakemarns jgapnst a swa afgtroublesva d mygapsospng end thtmb tb die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbya sl.arhto sth we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz tfobsand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1183 fit: -87 chromo: jy be or notatfcbe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerbin the minddtp suffne. thebblungd a dwrrrsws wfmdutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo palemarbs zgapnst a swa afgtroublesva d mygopsospng end thtmb tb die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth we eyd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thobsand pabhral sacbktu
gen: 1184 fit: -87 chromo: jy be or notatfcbe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerbin the minddtp suffne. thebblungd a dwrrrsws wfmdutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo palemarbs zgapnst a swa afgtroublesva d mygopsospng end thtmb tb die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth we eyd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thobsand pabhral sacbktu
gen: 1185 fit: -87 chromo: ja be or notatfcbe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerbin the minddtp tuffned thevblungd a dwrrrsws wfmlutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarbs zgapnst a swu afgtroublesva d mygopsospng end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth we eyd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thobsand nanxral sacbksu
gen: 1186 fit: -87 chromo: ja be or notatfcbe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerbin the minddtp tuffned thevblungd a dwrrrsws wfmlutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarbs zgapnst a swu afgtroublesva d mygopsospng end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth we eyd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thobsand nanxral sacbksu
gen: 1187 fit: -87 chromo: ja fe or notatfcbe acap ds theiluestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffnm. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a swa afgtroublesva d mygapsospng end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbb a sl.arhto sth we eyc.xt e hewriach jand mhz tfobsand nanhral sadbksu
gen: 1188 fit: -87 chromo: ja fe or notatfcbe acap ds theiluestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffnm. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a swa afgtroublesva d mygapsospng end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbb a sl.arhto sth we eyc.xt e hewriach jand mhz tfobsand nanhral sadbksu
gen: 1189 fit: -87 chromo: ja be or notatfdbe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffna. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs zgapnst a ssa afgtroublesva d mygapsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbya sldarhto sth wm eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz tfobsand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1190 fit: -87 chromo: ja be or notatfcbe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerbin the minddtp tuffned thevblungd a dwrrrsws wfmlutr.geo.s rortuze.wo  lo pakemarbs zgapnst a swu afgtroublesva d mygopsospng end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth we eyd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thobsand nanxral sacbksu
gen: 1191 fit: -87 chromo: ja be or notatfkbe bwao ds tgealuestion. whethe  tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thevblungb akdwrrrtws wfmsutr.geods bortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs jgaonst a swa afgtroublesva d mygapsosong end thtmb tq die zo sleyp. ni mord.mazdlbbya sl.arhto srh we erd.xt e hewriach iand mhz tfoasand nabpral sacbksu
gen: 1192 fit: -86 chromo: ji be or notatedbe bcad ds thealuestion. whethe  tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffna. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geods bortuze.xo  lo oakemarvs jgapnst a swa afdtroublesva d mygapsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.eazdlbbya sldarhto sth we eqd.xt e hewrmach iand mhz tfobsand nabpral sadbksu
gen: 1193 fit: -86 chromo: jy be or notatfcbe acao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the minddtl suffne. thevblungd a dwrrrsws wfmcutrzgeods bortuye.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapnst a swa aehtroublesva d mygopsospng end thtmb tq die zo sleyp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sl.arhto sth we eqd.xt.e hewriach iand mhz tfobsand nabhral sacvksu
gen: 1194 fit: -86 chromo: jz be or notatfcbe bcap ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerbin the mindbtl suffna. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarbs zgapnst a ssa afgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni nord.mazdlbb a sldarhto sth wm eyd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thobsand nabhral tadbksu
gen: 1195 fit: -86 chromo: ja be or notmtfcbe bcap ds tgea.uestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffna. tfevblungd a dwrrrsws wfmsutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarvs jgapjst a swa afgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb tb die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbb a sldarhto sth we erd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1196 fit: -85 chromo: ji be or notmtedbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geods bortuze.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapnst a swa aegtroublesva d mygopsosgng end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sldarhto sth we eyd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabpral sacvksu
gen: 1197 fit: -85 chromo: ji be or notmtedbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geods bortuze.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapnst a swa aegtroublesva d mygopsosgng end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sldarhto sth we eyd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabpral sacvksu
gen: 1198 fit: -85 chromo: ji be or notmtedbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geods bortuze.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapnst a swa aegtroublesva d mygopsosgng end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sldarhto sth we eyd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabpral sacvksu
gen: 1199 fit: -85 chromo: ji be or notmtedbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geods bortuze.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapnst a swa aegtroublesva d mygopsosgng end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sldarhto sth we eyd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabpral sacvksu
gen: 1200 fit: -85 chromo: ji be or notmtedbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geods bortuze.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapnst a swa aegtroublesva d mygopsosgng end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sldarhto sth we eyd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabpral sacvksu
gen: 1201 fit: -85 chromo: jy be or notmtedbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffna. theublungd a dxrrrtws sfmcutrzgeo.s aortuye.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapjst a swa afgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb te die zo sleyp. ni mord.mazdkbbya sldarhto std we erd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacvksu
gen: 1202 fit: -85 chromo: jq be or notmtecbe bcao ds thealuession. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindctl sufffa. thevblungd a dwrrrsws ufmcutrzgeo.s bortuye.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapnst a swa cfgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni mord.mazdkbbia sldaqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thobsand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1203 fit: -85 chromo: jy be or notmtecbe bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffna. thevblungd a dwrrrsws ufmsutr.geo.s bortuye.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapjst a swa cfgtroublesva d mywopsosong end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni mord.mazdlbb a sldaqhto std we eqd.xs e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1204 fit: -85 chromo: ji be or notmtedbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffne. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmcutr.geods bortuze.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapnst a swa aegtroublesva d mygopsosgng end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.mazdlbbia sldarhto sth we eyd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabpral sacvksu
gen: 1205 fit: -85 chromo: jy be or notmtadbe bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnoblerrin the mindatl suffna. therblungd a dwrrrsws ufmsutr.geo.s rortuye.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapjst a swa ufgtqoublesva d mywopsosong end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni mord.mazdlbb a sldbqhto srd we eyd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sagvksu
gen: 1206 fit: -85 chromo: jy be or notmtadbe bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnoblerrin the mindatl suffna. therblungd a dwrrrsws ufmsutr.geo.s rortuye.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapjst a swa ufgtqoublesva d mywopsosong end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni mord.mazdlbb a sldbqhto srd we eyd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sagvksu
gen: 1207 fit: -85 chromo: jy be or nototecbe bcao ds thea.uestion. whethec tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffna. thevblungd a dxrrrsws ufmsutr.geo.s bortuye.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapjst a swa cfgtroublesva d mywopsospng end thtmb te die zo sleyp. ni mord.mazdlbb a sldaqhto std we eqd.xs e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1208 fit: -85 chromo: jy be or nototecbe bcao ds thea.uestion. whethec tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffna. thevblungd a dxrrrsws ufmsutr.geo.s bortuye.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapjst a swa cfgtroublesva d mywopsospng end thtmb te die zo sleyp. ni mord.mazdlbb a sldaqhto std we eqd.xs e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1209 fit: -85 chromo: jy be or nototecbe bcao ds thea.uestion. whethec tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffna. thevblungd a dxrrrsws ufmsutr.geo.s bortuye.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapjst a swa cfgtroublesva d mywopsospng end thtmb te die zo sleyp. ni mord.mazdlbb a sldaqhto std we eqd.xs e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1210 fit: -85 chromo: jy be or nototecbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffna. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmsutr.geods bortuze.xo  lo pakemaras jgapjst a swaycfgtroublesva d mywopsospng end thtmb te die zo sleyp. ni mord.mazdlbb a sldarhto sth we eyd.xt e hewriach jand mhz thoasand nabpral sacbksu
gen: 1211 fit: -85 chromo: jy be or notmtecbe bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffna. thevblungd a dwrrrsws ufmsutr.geo.s bortuye.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapjst a swa cfgtroublesva d mywopsosong end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni mord.mazdlbb a sldaqhto std we eqd.xs e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1212 fit: -85 chromo: jy be or notmtecbe bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffna. thevblungd a dwrrrsws ufmsutr.geo.s bortuye.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapjst a swa cfgtroublesva d mywopsosong end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni mord.mazdlbb a sldaqhto std we eqd.xs e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1213 fit: -85 chromo: jy be or notmtedbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethel tisjnoblerrin the mindatl suffna.ythevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmsutr.geo.s rortuze.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapnst a swa cfgtroublesva d mywopsosgng endkthtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni mord.majdlbb a sldbrhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabpral sacvksu
gen: 1214 fit: -85 chromo: jy be or nototecbe bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffna. thevblungd a dxrrrsws ufmsutr.geo.s bortuye.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapjst a swa.cfgtroublesva d mywopsospng end thtmb te die zo sleyp. ni mord.mazdlbb a sldaqhto sth we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1215 fit: -85 chromo: jy be or notmtedbe bcao cs thealuestion. whetheg tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffna. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmsutr.geods rortuze.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapjst a swa ufgtroublesva d mywopsospng end thtmb te die zo sleyp. ni mord.mazdlbb a sldarhto std we eyd.xt e hewriach jand mhz thoasand nabhral sacakqu
gen: 1216 fit: -85 chromo: jy be or notmtedbe bcao cs thealuestion. whetheg tisjnoblerzin the mindbtl suffna. thevblungd a dwrrrtws wfmsutr.geods rortuze.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapjst a swa ufgtroublesva d mywopsospng end thtmb te die zo sleyp. ni mord.mazdlbb a sldarhto std we eyd.xt e hewriach jand mhz thoasand nabhral sacakqu
gen: 1217 fit: -85 chromo: jy be or notmtfdbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerrin the mindatl suffna.ythevblungc a dwrrrtws wfmsutr.geo.s bortuza.xo  lo pakemarzs jgapnst a swa cfgtroublesva d mygopsosgng end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni mord.majdlbb a sldarhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabpral sacbksu
gen: 1218 fit: -85 chromo: jy be or notmtfdbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerrin the mindctl suffne.ythevblungd a dxrrrsws sfmsutr.geo.s bortuya.vo  lo pakemarbs jgapnst a swa cfgtroublesva d mygopsosgng end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. nj mord.majdlbb a sldarhto sth we erd.xt e hewrjach iand mhz thoasand nabpral sacbksu
gen: 1219 fit: -85 chromo: jy be or notmtfdbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerrin the mindatl suffna.ythevblungc a dwrrrtws wfmtutr.geo.s bortuza.xo  lo pakemarzs jgapnst a swa cfgtroublesva d mygopsosgng end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni mord.majdlbb a sldarhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabpral sacbksu
gen: 1220 fit: -85 chromo: jy be or notmtmabe bcap ds thealuestion. whethwk tisjnoblerrin the mindctl suffne. thevblungd a dxrrrsws sfmsutr.geods rortuye.xo  lo hakenarbs jgapjst a swa afgtroublesva d mygopsosgng end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni mord.maydlbb a sl.aqhto sdh we erd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1221 fit: -85 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bcap cs thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerrin the mindatl suffna.ythevblungc a dwrrrtws wfmxutr.geo.s bortuza.xo  lo pakemarzs jgapnst a swa cfgtroublesva d mywopsosong end thtmb te die zo sleyp. ni mord.majdlbb a sldarhto std we eqd.xtce hewriach iand ohz thoasand nabpral sacvksu
gen: 1222 fit: -84 chromo: jy be or notmtfdbf bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffna. thevblungc a dwrrrtws wfmsutr.geo.s bortuze.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapnst a swa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosgng end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.majdlbb a sldbrhto std we eyd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1223 fit: -84 chromo: jy be or notmtfdbf bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffna. thevblungc a dwrrrtws wfmsutr.geo.s bortuze.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapnst a swa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosgng end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.majdlbb a sldbrhto std we eyd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1224 fit: -84 chromo: jy be or notmtfdbf bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffna. thevblungc a dwrrrtws wfmsutr.geo.s bortuze.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapnst a swa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosgng end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.majdlbb a sldbrhto std we eyd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1225 fit: -84 chromo: jy be or notmtfdbf bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindntl suffna. thevblungc a dwrrrtws wfmsutr.geo.s bortuze.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapnst a swa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosgng end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni mord.majdlbb a sldbrhto std we eyd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1226 fit: -84 chromo: ji be or notmtecbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindatl suffpa. thevblungd a.dxqrrtws xfmsutr.geods bobtuze.xo  lo pakeiarbs jgapnst a swa cfgtroublesva d mywopsosgng end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldarhto std we eqd.xt e hewryach iand mhz thoasand nabpral sacbksu
gen: 1227 fit: -84 chromo: ji be or notmtecbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindatl suffpa. thevblungd a.dxqrrtws xfmsutr.geods bobtuze.xo  lo pakeiarbs jgapnst a swa cfgtroublesva d mywopsosgng end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldarhto std we eqd.xt e hewryach iand mhz thoasand nabpral sacbksu
gen: 1228 fit: -84 chromo: ji be or notmtecbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerzin the mindatl suffpa. thevblungd a.dxqrrtws xfmsutr.geods bobtuze.xo  lo pakeiarbs jgapnst a swa cfgtroublesva d mywopsosgng end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldarhto std we eqd.xt e hewryach iand mhz thoasand nabpral sacbksu
gen: 1229 fit: -84 chromo: ji be or notntecbe acao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerrin the mindbtl suffna. thevblungd a.dwqrrsws wfmsutr.geods bortuze.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapnst a sxa cfgtroublesva d mywopsosong end .htmb ta die yo sleyp. ni mord.mazdlbb a sldarhto std we eqd.xt e hewryach iand mhz thoasand nabpral sacbksu
gen: 1230 fit: -84 chromo: ji be or notntecbe acao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnoblerrin the mindbtl suffna. thevblungd a.dwqrrsws wfmsutr.geods bortuze.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapnst a sxa cfgtroublesva d mywopsosong end .htmb ta die yo sleyp. ni mord.mazdlbb a sldarhto std we eqd.xt e hewryach iand mhz thoasand nabpral sacbksu
gen: 1231 fit: -84 chromo: jy be or notntmdbe acao cs thea.uestion. whethek tisjnoblerrin the mindbtl suffna. thexblungd a dxqrrsws wfisutr.geo.s bortuze.xo  lo pakemarzs jgapnst a swa cfgtroublesva d mywodsosong end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni mord.majdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hexriach iand ohz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1232 fit: -83 chromo: jy be or notmtedbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindatl suffpa. thevblungd a dxrrrsws sfmsutr.geo.s bortuze.vok lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa cfgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1233 fit: -83 chromo: jy be or notmtedbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindatl suffpa. thevblungd a dxrrrsws sfmsutr.geo.s bortuze.vok lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa cfgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1234 fit: -83 chromo: ji be or notmtecbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindatl suffna. thevblungd a.dwqrrsws wfmsutr.geocs bortuze.xok lo pakemarbs jgapnst a sxa cfgtroublesva d mywopsosong end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbrhto std we eqd.xt e hewryach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1235 fit: -83 chromo: ji be or notmtecbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindatl suffna. thevblungd a.dwqrrsws wfmsutr.geocs bortuze.xok lo pakemarbs jgapnst a sxa cfgtroublesva d mywopsosong end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbrhto std we eqd.xt e hewryach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1236 fit: -83 chromo: ji be or notmtecbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindatl suffna. thevblungd a.dwqrrsws wfmsutr.geocs bortuze.xok lo pakemarbs jgapnst a sxa cfgtroublesva d mywopsosong end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbrhto std we eqd.xt e hewryach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1237 fit: -83 chromo: ji be or notmtecbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindatl suffna. thevblungd a.dwqrrsws wfmsutr.geocs bortuze.xok lo pakemarbs jgapnst a sxa cfgtroublesva d mywopsosong end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbrhto std we eqd.xt e hewryach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1238 fit: -83 chromo: ji be or notmtecbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindatl suffna. thevblungd a.dwqrrsws wfmsutr.geocs bortuze.xok lo pakemarbs jgapnst a sxa cfgtroublesva d mywopsosong end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbrhto std we eqd.xt e hewryach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1239 fit: -83 chromo: jy be or notmtedbe bcao hs thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindatl suffpa. thevblungd a dxrrrsws sfmsutr.geo.s bortuze.vok lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa cfgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt.e hewriach iand mhb thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1240 fit: -83 chromo: jy be or notmtedbe bcao hs thealuestion. whethek tisjnobleryin the mindatl suffpa. thevblungd a dxrrrsws sfmsutr.geo.s bortuze.vok lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa cfgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt.e hewriach iand mhb thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1241 fit: -83 chromo: jy be or notntecbe acao ds thealuestion. whethe  tisjnoblerzin the mindatl suffna. thevblungd a.dxqrrtws wfmsutr.geocs bortuze.xo  lo pakemarbs jgapnst a sxa cfgtroublesva d mywopsosong end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni mord.mazdlbb a sldbrhto std we ead.xt e hewriach iand ohz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1242 fit: -82 chromo: jy be or notmtedbe bcao ds thealuestmon. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1243 fit: -82 chromo: jy be or notmtedbe bcao ds thealuestmon. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1244 fit: -82 chromo: jy be or notmtedbe bcao ds thealuestmon. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1245 fit: -82 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s bortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa cfgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1246 fit: -82 chromo: jy be or notmtedbe bcao ds thealuestmon. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmwutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1247 fit: -82 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntp suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s bortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa cfgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1248 fit: -82 chromo: jy be or notmtedbe bcao ds thealuestmon. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmwutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1249 fit: -82 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntp suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutrkgeo.s bortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa cfgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1250 fit: -82 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwam ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s bortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgalnst a sxa cfgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1251 fit: -82 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwam ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s bortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgalnst a sxa cfgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1252 fit: -82 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntp suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s bortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa cfgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1253 fit: -82 chromo: jy be or notmtedbe bcao ds thealuestmon. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblvngd a.dxrrrsws sfmwutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1254 fit: -82 chromo: jy be or notmtedbe bcao ds thealuestmon. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblvngd a.dxrrrsws sfmwutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1255 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1256 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1257 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1258 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1259 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1260 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1261 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1262 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1263 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1264 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1265 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1266 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1267 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1268 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1269 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1270 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1271 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1272 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1273 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfmsutr geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1274 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notntmdbe bwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thevblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuze.vok lo pakenarbs jgapnst a swa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmz ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eud.xt e hewriach.iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1275 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notntmdbe bwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thevblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuze.vok lo pakenarbs jgapnst a swa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmz ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eud.xt e hewriach.iand mhz thoasand naahral sacbksu
gen: 1276 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notntmdbe bwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thevblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuze.vok lo pakenarbs jgapnst a swa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmz ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eud.xt e hewriach.iand mhz thoasand naahral sacbksu
gen: 1277 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notntmdbe bwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thevblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuze.vok lo pakenarbs jgapnst a swa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmz ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eud.xt e hewriach.iand mhz thoasand naahral sacbksu
gen: 1278 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr.geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1279 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bwao ds theakuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfgsutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmz ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach.iand mhz thoasand naahral sacbksu
gen: 1280 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notntmdbe bwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thevblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuze.vok lo pakenarbs jgapnst a swa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmz ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eud.xt e hewriach.iand mhz thoasand naahral sacbksu
gen: 1281 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe bcao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr.geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldaqhto std we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1282 fit: -81 chromo: ny be or notmtmdbe bwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffba. thexblungd a.dwrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuze.vok po pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmz ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eud.xt.e hewriach.iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbkse
gen: 1283 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notntmdbe bwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  jo pakenarbs jgapnst a swa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmz ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldaqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach.iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1284 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtedbe bwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindmtl suffpa. thevblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutrkgeo.s fortuje.bo  jo pakenarbs jgaonst a sxa ufhtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmz ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazddbb a sldaqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach.iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1285 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtedbe bwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindmtl suffpa. thevblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutrkgeo.s fortuje.bo  jo pakenarbs jgaonst a sxa ufhtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmz ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazddbb a sldaqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach.iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1286 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notntmdbe bwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr.geo.s fortuze.vok lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto stb we eud.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thoasand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1287 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notntmdbe bwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thevblungd a.dxrrrsws sfequtr geo.s fortuze.vok lo pakenarbs igapnst a swa ufgtroublesua d mygopsosong end thtmz tc die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eud.xt e hewriach.iand mhz thoasand naahral sacbksu
gen: 1288 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notntmdbe bwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thevblungd a.dxrrrsws sfequtr geo.s fortuze.vok lo pakenarbs igapnst a swa ufgtroublesua d mygopsosong end thtmz tc die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eud.xt e hewriach.iand mhz thoasand naahral sacbksu
gen: 1289 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notntmdbe bwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thevblungd a.dxrrrsws sfequtr geo.s fortuze.vok lo pakenarbs igapnst a swa ufgtroublesua d mygopsosong end thtmz tc die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eud.xt e hewriach.iand mhz thoasand naahral sacbksu
gen: 1290 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe vcao ds thealuestjon. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr.geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni morb.eazdpbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1291 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe vcao ds thealuestjon. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr.geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni morb.eazdpbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1292 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe vcao ds thealuestjon. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr.geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni morb.eazdpbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1293 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe vcao ds thealuestjon. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr.geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni morb.eazdpbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1294 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe vcao ds thealuestjon. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr.geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo sleyp. ni morb.eazdpbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1295 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notmtmbbe vwao ds thea.uestjon. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr.geo.s fortuje.vok lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1296 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notntmdbe bwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  jo pakenarbs jgapnst a swa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmz ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldaqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach.iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1297 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notntmdbe bwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  jo pakenarbs jgapnst a swa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmz ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldaqhto std we eqd.xt e hewriach.iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1298 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notntmdbe bwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thevblungd a.dxrrrsws sfequtr geo.s fortuze.vok lo pakenarvs igapnst a swa ufgtroublesua d mygopsosong end thtmz tc die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eud.xt e hewriach.iand mhz thoasand naahral sacbksu
gen: 1299 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notntmdbe vwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpal thevblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr.geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. nj morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto stb we eud.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabgral sadbksv
gen: 1300 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notntmdbe vwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffnaz thevblungd a.dwrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a swa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. nj morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eud.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1301 fit: -81 chromo: jy be or notntmdbe vwao ds thealuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr.geo.s fortuze.vo  lo pakenarbs igapnst a swa ufgtroublesua d mygopsosong end thtmz rc die zo sleyp. ni morb.mazdpbb a sldbqhto std we eud.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1302 fit: -80 chromo: ji be or notmtmdbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thevblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr.geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mardlbb a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1303 fit: -80 chromo: jy be or notntodbe bcao ds thealuestion.ywhethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd azdxqrrcws sffqutr geo.s fortuze.vo. lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtm. ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto std we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thoasand nabhral sacbksu
gen: 1304 fit: -80 chromo: jy be or notmtmdbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thevblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr.geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d mygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mardlbb a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabgral sadbksv
gen: 1305 fit: -80 chromo: ji be or notmtmdbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thevblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr.geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mardlbb a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1306 fit: -80 chromo: ji be or notmtmdbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thevblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr.geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mardlbb a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1307 fit: -79 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtzoublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1308 fit: -79 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtzoublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1309 fit: -79 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtzoublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1310 fit: -79 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtzoublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1311 fit: -79 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtzoublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1312 fit: -79 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtzoublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1313 fit: -79 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtzoublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1314 fit: -79 chromo: jy be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1315 fit: -79 chromo: jy be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1316 fit: -79 chromo: jy be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1317 fit: -79 chromo: jy be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1318 fit: -79 chromo: jy be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1319 fit: -79 chromo: jy be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1320 fit: -79 chromo: jy be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1321 fit: -79 chromo: jy be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1322 fit: -79 chromo: jy be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1323 fit: -79 chromo: jy be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1324 fit: -79 chromo: jy be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dwrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1325 fit: -79 chromo: jy be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dwrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1326 fit: -79 chromo: jy be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dwrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1327 fit: -79 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtzoublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1328 fit: -79 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtzoublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1329 fit: -79 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtzoublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1330 fit: -79 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe bcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtzoublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbb a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1331 fit: -79 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral satbksu
gen: 1332 fit: -79 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral satbksu
gen: 1333 fit: -79 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. wgethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungc azdxrrrtws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral satbksu
gen: 1334 fit: -79 chromo: jy be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd a.dwrrrsws sfgsutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtmb ta die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1335 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral satbksu
gen: 1336 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1337 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.mazddbf a sldbqhto sth we erd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral satbksu
gen: 1338 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dwrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral satbksu
gen: 1339 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dwrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.ma.dlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral satbksu
gen: 1340 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd a.dwrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.ma.dlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral satbksu
gen: 1341 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisinobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral satbksu
gen: 1342 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or notmtocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral satbksu
gen: 1343 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geols fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1344 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geols fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1345 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or notmtocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral satbksu
gen: 1346 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or notmtocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral satbksu
gen: 1347 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindmtl suffna. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geols fortuje.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1348 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or notmtocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral satbksu
gen: 1349 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or notmtocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral satbksu
gen: 1350 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or notmtocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral satbksu
gen: 1351 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tismnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblungd azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo pakenarvs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbqhto stp we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral satbksu
gen: 1352 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geols fortune.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a slddqhtc sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1353 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xwao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geols fortune.vo  lo pakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a slddqhtc sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1354 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or.notmtodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblung. azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo pakebarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbrhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1355 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or.notmtodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblung. azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo pakebarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbrhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1356 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or.notmtodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblung. azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  .o pakebarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbrhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1357 fit: -78 chromo: ji be or.notmtodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffna. thexblung. azdxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo pakebarbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eygopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a sldbrhto sth we eqd.dtse hewriach iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1358 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1359 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1360 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1361 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1362 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notmtodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1363 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. azdxrrrsws sfesutrkgeo.s fortune.vo  lo lakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbe a slddqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1364 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. azdxrrrsws sfesutrkgeo.s fortune.vo  lo lakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbe a slddqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1365 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1366 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewrjach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1367 fit: -77 chromo: ni be or notmtodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1368 fit: -77 chromo: bi be or notntodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. azdxrrrsws sfesutrkgeo.s fortune.vo  lo lakeearbs jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesfa d eyhopsosgng end thtm. tq die jo slezp. ni morb.mazdlbf a slddqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1369 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni mord.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewrjach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1370 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die .o slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1371 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die .o slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1372 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die .o slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1373 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewrjach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1374 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewrjach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1375 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewrjach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1376 fit: -77 chromo: ni be or notmtodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa bfgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1377 fit: -77 chromo: ni be or notmtodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa bfgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1378 fit: -77 chromo: ni be or notmtodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa bfgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1379 fit: -77 chromo: ni be or notmtodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa bfgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1380 fit: -77 chromo: ni be or notmtodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa bfgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. ta die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1381 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrwws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nabdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewrjach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1382 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1383 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die .o slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1384 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die .o slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1385 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa vfgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hecriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1386 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa bfgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1387 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nabdlbf a sldbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewrjach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadzksu
gen: 1388 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ts thea uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfetutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dtce hecriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1389 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die .o slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1390 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ts thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hecrjach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1391 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hecrjach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1392 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hecrjach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1393 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hecrjach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1394 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a slpbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1395 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a slpbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1396 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a slpbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1397 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a slpbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1398 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a slpbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1399 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a slpbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1400 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a slpbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1401 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a slpbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1402 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a slpbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1403 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die .o slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1404 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ts thea uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hecriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1405 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ts thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazddbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewriach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sadzksu
gen: 1406 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ts thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazddbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewriach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sadzksu
gen: 1407 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindftl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a slpbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1408 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindftl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a slpbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1409 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die .o slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1410 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ts thea uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.jazddbf a sldbqhto sbh we erd.dt e hecrjach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadzksu
gen: 1411 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ts thea uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.jazddbf a sldbqhto sbh we erd.dt e hecrjach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadzksu
gen: 1412 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ts thea uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.jazddbf a sldbqhto sbh we erd.dt e hecrjach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadzksu
gen: 1413 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ts thea uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.jazddbf a sldbqhto sbh we erd.dt e hecrjach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadzksu
gen: 1414 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ts thea uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.jazddbf a sldbqhto sbh we erd.dt e hecrjach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadzksu
gen: 1415 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ts thea uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.jazddbf a sldbqhto sbh we erd.dt e hecrjach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadzksu
gen: 1416 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ts thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblvng. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die .o slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1417 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe xcao ts thea uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die .o slezp. ni morb.nazddbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.bt e hewrjach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadzksu
gen: 1418 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a slpbqhto srp we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadzksv
gen: 1419 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a slpbqhto srp we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadzksv
gen: 1420 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a slpbqhto srp we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadzksv
gen: 1421 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die .o slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1422 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nardlbf a slpbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1423 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nardlbf a slpbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1424 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ts thea uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die .o slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1425 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  jo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die .o slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabxral sadbksu
gen: 1426 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntodbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nardlbf a slpbqhto sth we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1427 fit: -77 chromo: li be or notntocbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nardlbf a slpbqhto srh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabgral sadbksu
gen: 1428 fit: -77 chromo: li be or notntocbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nardlbf a slpbqhto srh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabgral sadbksu
gen: 1429 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  jo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tr die zo slezp. ni morb.nardlbf a slpbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabxral sadbksu
gen: 1430 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisinobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geo.s fortune.vo  jo lakenards jgapnst a sta ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die .o slezp. ni morb.nazdlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabxral sadbksu
gen: 1431 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geods fortune.vo  jo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die .o slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabxral sadbksu
gen: 1432 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geods fortune.vo  jo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die .o slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabxral sadbksu
gen: 1433 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung  a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa afgtroublesvacd eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.narddbf a slpbqhto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1434 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nardlbf a slpbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1435 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nardlbf a slpbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1436 fit: -77 chromo: li be or notntocbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nardlbf a slpbqhto srg we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand nhz thousand nabgral sadbksu
gen: 1437 fit: -77 chromo: li be or notntocbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nardlbf a slpbqhto srg we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand nhz thousand nabgral sadbksu
gen: 1438 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung  a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa afctroublesvacd eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.narddbf a slpbqhto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1439 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung  a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa afctroublesvacd eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.narddbf a slpbqhto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1440 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sfesutr geods fortune.vo  jo lakenards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die .o slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbqhto srh we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabxral sadbksu
gen: 1441 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung  a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgadnst a sxa afctroublesvacd fyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.narddbf a slpbqhto srh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1442 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta ufgtroublesva d eyhopsoskng end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1443 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta ufgtroublesva d eyhopsoskng end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1444 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta ufgtroublesva d eyhopsoskng end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1445 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nardlbf a slpbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1446 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe wcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nardlbf a slpbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1447 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe wcao ts thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nardlbf a slpbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1448 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe wcao ts thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nardlbf a slpbqhto srh we eqd.dt e hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1449 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta ufgtroublesva d eyhopsoskng end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1450 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta ufgtroublesva d eyhopsoskng end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1451 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrwws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta afgtroublesvacd fyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nardlbf a slpbahto sbh we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1452 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. thexblung  a.dxtrrsws  ffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa cfgtroublesvacd eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nardlbf a slpbqhto srh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1453 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. thexblung  a.dxtrrsws  ffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa cfgtroublesvacd eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nardlbf a slpbqhto srh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1454 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. thexblung  a.dxtrrsws  ffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sxa cfgtroublesvacd eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nardlbf a slpbqhto srh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksu
gen: 1455 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta ufgtroublesva d fyhopsoskng end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eud.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1456 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. tgexblung  a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta cfgtroublesva d eyhopsoskng end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbqhto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1457 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa ufgtroublesuacd fyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.narddbf a sldbagto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1458 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa ufgtroublesuacd fyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.narddbf a sldbagto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1459 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa ufgtroublesuacd fyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.narddbf a sldbagto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1460 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa ufgtroublesuacd fyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.narddbf a sldbagto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1461 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta ufctroublesva d eyhopsoskng end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1462 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta ufctroublesva d eyhopsoskng end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1463 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta ufctroublesva d eyhopsoskng end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1464 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta ufctroublesva d eyhopsoskng end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1465 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpa. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta ufctroublesva d eyhopsoskng end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1466 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. tgexblung  a.dxtrrsws  ffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakemards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbqhto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1467 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl svffpa. thexblung  a.dxrrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1468 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl svffpa. thexblung  a.dxrrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1469 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta afctroublesvacd eyhopsosong end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1470 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. thexblung. a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta afctroublesvacd eyhopsosong end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1471 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1472 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. tgexblung  a.dxtrrsws  ffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakemards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbqhto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1473 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. tgexblung  a.dxtrrsws  ffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakemards jgapnst a sxa ufgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbqhto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1474 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe tcao ds txea.uestion. whethek tisznobler in the mindbtl suffpi. thexblung  a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta ufctroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1475 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung  a.dxtrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta afctroublesvacd eygopsosong end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a sl.bahto sbgswe eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1476 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestiond whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sffsutr geots fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sxa afgtroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1477 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadnksv
gen: 1478 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe xcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. thexblung. a.dxrrrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesva d eyhopsosong end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadnksv
gen: 1479 fit: -77 chromo: ji be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindbtl suffpi. thexblung  a.ddrrrsws sffsutr geots fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a stb ufctroublesvacd eyhopsosong end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a slcbahto sbh we eud.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1480 fit: -77 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. wdethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpj. thexblung. azdx.rrsws  ffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta ufgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.jand mhz thousand nabhral sadbksv
gen: 1481 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpj. thexblung. a.dx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta ufgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. nk morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sabbksv
gen: 1482 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpj. thexblung. a.dx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta ufgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. nk morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sabbksv
gen: 1483 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpj. thexblung. a.dx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta ufgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. nk morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sabbksv
gen: 1484 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadnksv
gen: 1485 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadnksv
gen: 1486 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadnksv
gen: 1487 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpj. thexblung. a.dx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta ufgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. nk morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhr thousand nabhral sabbksv
gen: 1488 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1489 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1490 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1491 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntk suffpj. thexblung. a.dx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta ufgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. nk morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhr thousand nabhral sabbksv
gen: 1492 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpj. thexblung. a.dx.rrsws sfnsutr geo.s fortune.vos lo lakenards jgapnst a sta ufgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. nk morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sabbksv
gen: 1493 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpj. thexblung. a.dx.rrsws sfnsutr geo.s fortune.vos lo lakenards jgapnst a sta ufgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. nk morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sabbksv
gen: 1494 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpj. thexblung. a.dx.rrsws sfnsutr geo.s fortune.vos lo lakenards jgapnst a sta ufgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. nk morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sabbksv
gen: 1495 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpj. thexblung. a.dx.rrsws sfnsutr geo.s fortune.vos lo lakenards jgapnst a sta ufgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. nk morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sabbksv
gen: 1496 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.naydjbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1497 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. a.dx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta ufgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sabbksv
gen: 1498 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. a.dx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta ufgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sabbksv
gen: 1499 fit: -76 chromo: nj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. a.dx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta ufgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhr thousand nabhral sabbksv
gen: 1500 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. a.dx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.naydlbf a sldbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1501 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopwospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.faydjbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1502 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopwospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.faydjbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1503 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopwospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.faydjbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1504 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopwospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.faydlbf a sldbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1505 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntk suffpj. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.mayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sabnksv
gen: 1506 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1507 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1508 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1509 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1510 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1511 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1512 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntk suffpj. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.mayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sabnksv
gen: 1513 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntk suffpj. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.mayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sabnksv
gen: 1514 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntk suffpj. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.mayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sabnksv
gen: 1515 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopwospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.naydjbf a sldbagto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sqcnksv
gen: 1516 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopwospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.naydjbf a sldbagto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sqcnksv
gen: 1517 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpj. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfgtroublesvacd eyhopwospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.faydjbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1518 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. aydx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopwospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.naydibf a sldbagto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sqcnksv
gen: 1519 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. aydx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopwospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.naydibf a sldbagto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sqcnksv
gen: 1520 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. aydx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopwospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.naydibf a sldbagto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sqcnksv
gen: 1521 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. aydx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopwospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.naydibf a sldbagto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sqcnksv
gen: 1522 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. aydx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopwospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.naydibf a sldbagto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sqcnksv
gen: 1523 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1524 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpj. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfgtroublesvacd eyhopwospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.fayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sabnksv
gen: 1525 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpj. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfgtroublesvacd eyhopwospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.fayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sabnksv
gen: 1526 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntk suffpj. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thrm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1527 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notptocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a slpbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1528 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntk suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.mayddbf a sldbagto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sabnksv
gen: 1529 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ny morv.nayddbf a sldbchto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1530 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1531 fit: -76 chromo: jb be or notntocbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethel tisjnobler in the mindntk suffpj. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thrm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral saabksv
gen: 1532 fit: -76 chromo: jb be or notntocbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethel tisjnobler in the mindntk suffpj. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thrm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral saabksv
gen: 1533 fit: -76 chromo: jb be or notntocbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethel tisjnobler in the mindntk suffpj. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thrm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral saabksv
gen: 1534 fit: -76 chromo: jb be or notntocbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethel tisjnobler in the mindntk suffpj. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thrm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral saabksv
gen: 1535 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1536 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. na morv.nayddbf a slpbchto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1537 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1538 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao as thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws cffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.mayddbf a slpbbhto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sabnksv
gen: 1539 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ny morv.nayddbf a sldbchto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksb
gen: 1540 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ts thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. na morv.nayddbf a sldbchto sbv we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1541 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdd.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbchto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1542 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdd.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbchto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1543 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdd.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbchto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1544 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpj. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfwtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thrm. tu die zo slezp. na morv.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral saabksv
gen: 1545 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpj. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfwtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thrm. tu die zo slezp. na morv.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral saabksv
gen: 1546 fit: -76 chromo: jz be or notntocbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethel tisjnobler in the mindntk suffpj. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.mayddbf a sldbbhto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral saabksv
gen: 1547 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1548 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpj. thexblung. azdd.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfwtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.naaddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacvksb
gen: 1549 fit: -76 chromo: jz be or notntocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethel tislnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a slpbchto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral saczksv
gen: 1550 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tcao bs thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpj. thexblung. azdd.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfwtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.naaddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacvksb
gen: 1551 fit: -76 chromo: jz be or notntocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethel tisjnobler in the mindntk suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thrm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral saczksv
gen: 1552 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1553 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1554 fit: -76 chromo: jz be or notntocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethel tisjnobler in the mindntk suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenarcs jgapnst a sta mfgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thrm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral saczksv
gen: 1555 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.naaddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1556 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.naaddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1557 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.naaddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1558 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tcao hs theaduestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1559 fit: -76 chromo: jz be or notntocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethel tisjnobler in the mindntk suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thqm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral saczksv
gen: 1560 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe twao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1561 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe twao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1562 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe twao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1563 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe twao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1564 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds theaduestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1565 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntk suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1566 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntk suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1567 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds theaduestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1568 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds theaduestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1569 fit: -76 chromo: jz be or notntocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethel tisjnobler in the mindntk suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thqm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral saczksv
gen: 1570 fit: -76 chromo: jz be or notntocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethel tisjnobler in the mindntk suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfgtroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thqm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbh we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral saczksv
gen: 1571 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbf we eqd.dtae hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1572 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbf we eqd.dtae hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1573 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a sldbahto sbf we eqd.dtae hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1574 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1575 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds theaduestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slebp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1576 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhop ospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a slpbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1577 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhop ospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a slpbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacbksv
gen: 1578 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe twao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexbleng. aydx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhoptospng end thtm. ta die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1579 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisznobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. nm morb.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1580 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds theaduestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexbleng. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.ro  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhoptospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1581 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds theaduestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexbleng. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.ro  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhoptospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1582 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds theaduestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexbleng. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.ro  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhoptospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1583 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds theaduestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexbleng. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.ro  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhoptospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1584 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds theaduestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexbleng. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.ro  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhoptospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1585 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds theaduestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexbleng. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.ro  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhoptospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1586 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or nothtodbe twao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. aydx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhop ospng end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morf.nayddbf a sldbahto sbf we eqd.dtae hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1587 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or nothtodbe twao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. aydx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhop ospng end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morf.nayddbf a sldbahto sbf we eqd.dtae hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1588 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexbleng  azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tq die zo slezp. nm morv.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1589 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexbleng  azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tq die zo slezp. nm morv.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1590 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexbleng  azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tq die zo slezp. nm morv.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1591 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexbleng  azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tq die zo slezp. nm morv.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1592 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe twao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexbleng. aydx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenar.s jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhoptospng end thtm. ta die zo slezp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1593 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds theaduestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhoptospng end thtm. tv die zo slezp. ni morn.nayddbf a sldbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1594 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds theaduestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblung. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhoptospng end thtm. tv die zo slezp. ni morn.nayddbf a sldbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1595 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds shea.uestion. whethek tisznobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhop ospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. nm morb.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1596 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds shea.uestion. whethek tisznobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhop ospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. nm morb.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1597 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds shea.uestion. whethek tisznobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhop ospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. nm morb.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1598 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds shea.uestion. whethek tisznobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhop ospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. nm morb.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1599 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexbleng. azdx.rrsws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhoptospng end thtm. tu die ro slezp. ni morn.nayddbf a sldbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1600 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or nothtodbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobker in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhop ospng end thtm. tq die zo slezp. ni morb.nayddbf a slpbbhto sbf we eqd.dtme hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1601 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvaad eyhoptospng end thtm. tv die zo slezp. nm morv.nayddbf a slpfbhto sbf we eqdtdtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1602 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvaad eyhoptospng end thtm. tv die zo slezp. nm morv.nayddbf a slpfbhto sbf we eqdtdtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1603 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe twao ds theaduestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexbleng. azdx.rrtws sff utr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesracd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morn.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1604 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe twao ds theaduestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexbleng. azdx.rrtws sff utr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesracd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morn.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1605 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe twao ds theaduestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexbleng. azdx.rrtws sff utr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesracd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morn.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1606 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe twao ds theaduestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexbleng. azdx.rrtws sff utr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesracd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morn.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1607 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe twao ds theapuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexbleng. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die ro slezp. ni morn.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1608 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tcao ds theaduestion. whethek tisznobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexbleng. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo jakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. ni morv.nayddbf a slpbdhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand ohz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1609 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvaad eyhoptospng end thtm. tv die zo slezp. nm morv.nayddbf a slpfbhto sbf we eqdtdtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1610 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe twao ds theapuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexbleng. azdx.rrcws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgalnst a sta mfctroublesracd eyhopsospng end thtm..tu die zo slezp. no morn.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1611 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the minditl suffpi. thexbleng. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thtm. tv die ro slebp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we esd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1612 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the minditl suffpi. thexbleng. azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thtm. tv die ro slebp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we esd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1613 fit: -76 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the minditl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvaad ayhoptospng end thtm. tv die zo slezd. ni morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1614 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thtm. tv die ro slezp. nm morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1615 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tcao ds theaduestion. whethek tisznobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr.geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesracd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morn.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand ohz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1616 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tcao ds theaduestion. whethek tisznobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr.geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesracd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morn.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand ohz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1617 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tcao ds theaduestion. whethek tisznobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr.geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesracd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morn.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand ohz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1618 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tcao ds theaduestion. whethek tisznobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr.geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesracd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morn.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand ohz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1619 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tcao ds theaduestion. whethek tisznobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr.geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesracd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morn.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand ohz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1620 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tcao ds theaduestion. whethek tisznobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr.geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesracd eyhopsospng end thtm. tu die zo slezp. ni morn.nayddbf a sldbbhto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand ohz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1621 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe twao ds theacuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the minditl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sff utr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhopcospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1622 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe twao ds theacuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the minditl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sff utr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhopcospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1623 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe twao ds theacuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the minditl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sff utr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhopcospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1624 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdxtrrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thtm. tv die ro slebp. nm morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we esd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1625 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdxtrrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thtm. tv die ro slebp. nm morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we esd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1626 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdxtrrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thtm. tv die ro slebp. nm morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we esd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1627 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdxtrrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thtm. tv die ro slebp. nm morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we esd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1628 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdxtrrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thtm. tv die ro slebp. nm morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we esd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1629 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards ngapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thtm. tv die ro slebp. nm morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1630 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1631 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1632 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1633 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1634 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1635 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. ni morn.nayddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewrmach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1636 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thxm. tv die ro slebp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1637 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thxm. tv die ro slebp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1638 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thxm. tv die ro slebp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1639 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thxm. tv die ro slebp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1640 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thtm. tv die ro slezp. nm morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1641 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thtm. tv die ro slezp. nm morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1642 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thtm. tv die ro slezp. nm morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1643 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thtm. tv die ro slezp. nm morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1644 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thtm. tv die ro slezp. nm morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtde hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1645 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. ni morn.payddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewrmach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1646 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe twao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindftl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thtm. tv die qo slezp. no morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtde hegriich.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1647 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.voc lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. ni morn.payddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewrmach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1648 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgaonst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1649 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgaonst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1650 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgaonst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1651 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgaonst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. ni morv.nayddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1652 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thtm. tu die qo slebp. nm morv.payddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtde hewrmach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadnksv
gen: 1653 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thtm. tu die qo slebp. nm morv.payddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtde hewrmach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadnksv
gen: 1654 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thtm. tu die qo slebp. nm morv.payddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtde hewrmach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadnksv
gen: 1655 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe .dao ds theacuestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd byhop ospng end thtm. tu die ro slezp. nm morn.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1656 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindftl suffpi. thexblengs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakepards jgapnst a sta mfctroublesvacd eyhop ospng end th.m. tu die ro slebp. no morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtde hewriich.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1657 fit: -75 chromo: bj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.voc lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thtm. tu die qo slebp. nm morn.payddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtde hewrmach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1658 fit: -75 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgaonst a sta efatroublewvacd eyhop ospng end thxm. tv die ro slebp. no morv.nayddbf a sldbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand ohz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1659 fit: -75 chromo: nj be or notntocbe tdao ds thea.uestion. whethek tisjnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd ayhop ospng end thtm. tu die qo slebp. nm morv.payddbf a sldbapto sbf we eqd.dtde hewrmach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sadnksv
gen: 1660 fit: -74 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta eectroublesvacd byhop.ospng end th.m. tu die ro slezp. no morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1661 fit: -74 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffcutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta eectroublesvacd byhop.ospng end th.m. tu die ro slezp. no morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1662 fit: -74 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta eectroublesvacd byhop.ospng end th.m. tu die ro slezp. no morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1663 fit: -74 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta eectroublesvacd byhop.ospng end th.m. tu die ro slezp. no morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1664 fit: -74 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffcutr geozs fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta eectroublesvacd byhop.ospng end th.m. tu die ro slezp. no morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1665 fit: -74 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffcutr geozs fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta eectroublesvacd byhop.ospng end th.m. tu die ro slezp. no morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1666 fit: -74 chromo: jj be or notntocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgaonst a stc eeatroublesvacd byhop ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.nayddbf a sldbahto saf we eqd.dtce hewriach.mand ohz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1667 fit: -74 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs azdx.rr.ws sffsutrsgeods fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd byhop.ospng end th.m. tu dia ro slebp. no morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1668 fit: -74 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws wffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta eectroublesvacd byhop.ospng end th.m. tu die ro slezp. no morv.nayddbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1669 fit: -74 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs azdx.rr.ws sffsutrsgeods fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd byhop.ospng end th.m. tu dia ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1670 fit: -74 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs azdx.rr.ws sffsutrsgeods fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd byhop.ospng end th.m. tu dia ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1671 fit: -73 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sffsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd bypopcospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.nayddbf a sldbahto sbf we eqd.dtce hewriach.mand ohz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1672 fit: -73 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs aydx.rrtws sfvsutr geozs fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd byhop.ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewrmach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1673 fit: -73 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs aydx.rrtws sfvsutr geozs fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd byhop.ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewrmach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1674 fit: -73 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs aydx.rrtws sfvsutr geozs fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd byhop.ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewrmach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1675 fit: -73 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs aydx.rrtws sfvsutr geozs fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd byhop.ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewrmach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1676 fit: -73 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs aydx.rrtws sfvsutr geozs fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd byhop.ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewrmach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1677 fit: -73 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs aydx.rrtws sfvsutr geozs fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd byhop.ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfapto sbf we eqd.dtce hewrmach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1678 fit: -73 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs aydx.rrtws sfvsutr geods fortune.vo  lo lckenarxs jgadnst a sta efctroublesva d byhop.ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfapto saf we eqd.dtce hewrmach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1679 fit: -73 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs aydx.rrtws sfvsutr geods fortune.vo  lo lckenarxs jgadnst a sta efctroublesva d byhop.ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfapto saf we eqd.dtce hewrmach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1680 fit: -72 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd bypop.ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eqd.dtce hewrmach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1681 fit: -72 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd bypop.ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eqd.dtce hewrmach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1682 fit: -72 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd bypop.ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eqd.dtce hewrmach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1683 fit: -72 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta efctroublesvacd bypop.ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eqd.dtce hewrmach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1684 fit: -72 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisznobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs aydx.rrtws sfvsutr geods fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta efctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eqd.dtce hewrmach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1685 fit: -72 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisznobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs aydx.rrtws sfvsutr geods fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta efctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eqd.dtce hewrmach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1686 fit: -72 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisznobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs aydx.rrtws sfvsutr geods fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta efctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eqd.dtce hewrmach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1687 fit: -72 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisznobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs aydx.rrtws sfvsutr geods fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta efctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eqd.dtce hewrmach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1688 fit: -72 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisznobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs aydx.rrtws sfvsutr geods fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a sta efctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eqd.dtce hewrmach.iand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1689 fit: -72 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs aydx.rrtws sffsutr geozs fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgadnst a sta efctroublesvacd bypop.ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.nayddbf a sldbahto saf we eqd.dtce hewriach.mand ohz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1690 fit: -72 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs aydx.rrtws sffsutr geozs fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgadnst a sta efctroublesvacd bypop.ospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.nayddbf a sldbahto saf we eqd.dtce hewriach.mand ohz thousand nabhral sbcnksv
gen: 1691 fit: -72 chromo: jb be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs aydx.rrtws sffsutr geods fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgadnst a sta efctroublesva d byhopcospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.nayddbf a sldfahto saf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand ohz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1692 fit: -72 chromo: jb be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs aydx.rrtws sffsutr geods fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgadnst a sta efctroublesva d byhopcospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.nayddbf a sldfahto saf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand ohz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1693 fit: -72 chromo: jb be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs aydx.rrtws sffsutr geods fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgadnst a sta efctroublesva d byhopcospng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.nayddbf a sldfahto saf we eqd.dtce hewriach.iand ohz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1694 fit: -72 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler ip the mindmtl suffpi. thexblungs aydx.rrtws sffsutr geods fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die bo slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabfral sacnksv
gen: 1695 fit: -72 chromo: jj be or nothtocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler ip the mindmtl suffpi. thexblungs aydx.rrtws sffsutr geods fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die bo slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewriach.iand mhz thousand nabfral sacnksv
gen: 1696 fit: -72 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntk suffpi. thexblvngs aydx.rrtws sffsutr geozs fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgadnst a sta efctroublesvacd byhop.oshng end thxm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.nayddbf a sldfahto saf we eqd.dtce hewriach.mand ohz thousand nabhral sbcnksf
gen: 1697 fit: -72 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds.theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs aydx.rrtws sffsutr geozs fortune.vo  lo lakenarxs jgapnst a ssa ofstroublesvaod bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die bo slebp. no morv.nayddbf a sldfahto saf we eqd.dtce hewriach.mand ohz thousand nabhral sacnksf
gen: 1698 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1699 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1700 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1701 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1702 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1703 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1704 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1705 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1706 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1707 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1708 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1709 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1710 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1711 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1712 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1713 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1714 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1715 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1716 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1717 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1718 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1719 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1720 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1721 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofstroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmachcmand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1722 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofstroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmachcmand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1723 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofstroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmachcmand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1724 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofstroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmachcmand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1725 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1726 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutrygeo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1727 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutrygeo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1728 fit: -71 chromo: jb be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgaonst a sca ofstroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1729 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1730 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1731 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao cs theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1732 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao cs theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1733 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1734 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rr.ws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewroach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1735 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geots fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofstroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmachcmand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1736 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geots fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmachcmand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1737 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rr.ws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewroach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1738 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rr.ws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewroach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1739 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rr.ws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewroach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1740 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rr.ws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfehto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1741 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rr.ws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfehto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1742 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rr.ws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1743 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rr.ws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo .akenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1744 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rr.ws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo .akenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1745 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rr.ws sfvsutr geo.s fortuje.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand ihz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1746 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rr.ws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo .akenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thsm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand ihz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1747 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rr.ws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo .akenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thsm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand ihz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1748 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmachcmand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1749 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmachcmand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1750 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdx.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmachcmand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1751 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdxzrrtws sfvtutr geots fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgahnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1752 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdxzrrtws sfvtutr geots fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgahnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1753 fit: -71 chromo: ib be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdg.rr.ws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  po lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.osong end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we ewd.dtce hewriach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1754 fit: -71 chromo: ib be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalungs azdg.rr.ws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  po lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.osong end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmachcmand ihz thgusand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1755 fit: -71 chromo: ib be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalungs azdg.rr.ws tfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  po lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.osong end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a slbeahto saf we eud.ctce hewrmachcmand ihz thgusand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1756 fit: -71 chromo: ib be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalungs azdg.rr.ws tfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  po lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.osong end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a slbeahto saf we eud.ctce hewrmachcmand ihz thgusand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1757 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdxzrrtws sfvtutr geots fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgahnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1758 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdv.rrtws sfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1759 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdxzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1760 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdxzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1761 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdxzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1762 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdxzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1763 fit: -71 chromo: ib be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalungs azdg.rr.ws tfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  po lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.osong end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a slbeahto saf we eud.ctce hewrmachcmand ihz thgusand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1764 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds thebduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdxzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1765 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdxzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tw die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1766 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdxzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tw die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1767 fit: -71 chromo: ij be or nothtosbe tdao ds theacuesxion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalungs azdg.rr.ws tfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.osong end thtm. tu die ro sleap. no morv.naydbbf a slbeahto saf we eud.ptce hecrmachcmand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1768 fit: -71 chromo: ib be or notftocbe tdao cs theacuestion. whethek tisynobler in the mindntl suffni. thewalungs azdg.rr.ws tfvsutr geo.s fortune.vo  po lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.osong end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbf a slbeahto saf we eud.ctce hewrmachcmand ihz thgusand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1769 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftocbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisqnodler in the mindntl suffpy. thewalungs azdgzrr.ws tfvsutr geots fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto san we eud.ctce hewrmachcmand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1770 fit: -71 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds thebduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdxzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto saf we eud.dtce hewroach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1771 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdxzrr.ws sfvcutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die to slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto san we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1772 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdxzrr.ws sfvcutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die to slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto san we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1773 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdxzrr.ws sfvcutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die to slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto san we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1774 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdxzrr.ws sfvcutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die to slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto san we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1775 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdxzrr.ws sfvcutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die to slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto san we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1776 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdxzrr.ws sfvcutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die to slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto san we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1777 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdxzrr.ws sfvcutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die to slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto san we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1778 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdxzrr.ws sfvcutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die to slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto san we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1779 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdxzrr.ws sfvcutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die to slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldfahto san we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1780 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethe  tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1781 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1782 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1783 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1784 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1785 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1786 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1787 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1788 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1789 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1790 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1791 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1792 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1793 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1794 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1795 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1796 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1797 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1798 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrr.ws sfututr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesra d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacpksv
gen: 1799 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrr.ws sfututr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesra d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacpksv
gen: 1800 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrr.ws sfututr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesra d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacpksv
gen: 1801 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbx a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1802 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbx a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1803 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexblvngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbx a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1804 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1805 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand naahral sacnksv
gen: 1806 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand naahral sacnksv
gen: 1807 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand naahral sacnksv
gen: 1808 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand naahral sacnksv
gen: 1809 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand naahral sacnksv
gen: 1810 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand naahral sacnksv
gen: 1811 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1812 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffoi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewriach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1813 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffoi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewriach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1814 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalrngs azdgzrr.ws sfututr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bynop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1815 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1816 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1817 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geods fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1818 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geods fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1819 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geods fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1820 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geods fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1821 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1822 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1823 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalrngs azdgzrr.ws sfututr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bynop.ospng end thtm. tq die vo slebp. no morb.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1824 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffoi. thewalrngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bynop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1825 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notptowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand naagral sacnksv
gen: 1826 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalvngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1827 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalvngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1828 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalvngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1829 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblungs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1830 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffoi. thewalbngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bynop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1831 fit: -70 chromo: jz be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalrngs azdgzrr.ws sfututr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypopdospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewriach mand mhz thousand nabhral sagnksv
gen: 1832 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalvngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1833 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalvngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1834 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalbngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1835 fit: -70 chromo: jz be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalrngs azdgzrr.ws sfututr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypopdospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewriach mand mhz thousand nabhral sagnksv
gen: 1836 fit: -70 chromo: jz be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalrngs azdgzrr.ws sfututr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypopdospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewriach mand mhz thousand nabhral sagnksv
gen: 1837 fit: -70 chromo: jz be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalrngs azdgzrr.ws sfututr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypopdospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewriach mand mhz thousand nabhral sagnksv
gen: 1838 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalbngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1839 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalbngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1840 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalbngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1841 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalbngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo kakenards jgapnst a swa ofgtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1842 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalbngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo kakenards jgapnst a swa ofgtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1843 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalbngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1844 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalbngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1845 fit: -70 chromo: zj be or notntosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrrkws cfvtutr geods fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesua d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1846 fit: -70 chromo: zj be or notntosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrrkws cfvtutr geods fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesua d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1847 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalbngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo s fortune.vo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1848 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalbngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1849 fit: -70 chromo: zj be or notntowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrrkws cfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1850 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalbngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1851 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntd suffpi. thewclbngs azdgrrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1852 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds thecduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalbngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo s fortune.vo  lo kakejards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1853 fit: -70 chromo: zj be or notntowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewblvngs azdgzrrkws cfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die ro slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto saf we eud.ptce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1854 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntd suffpi. thewclbngs azdgrrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.vo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thsm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1855 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalbngs azdgzrr.ws sfvtutr geo s fortune.vo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1856 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntd suffpi. thewalbngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo s fortune.vo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1857 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntd suffpi. thewalbngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo s fortune.vo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1858 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalbngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1859 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntd suffpi. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo s fortune.vo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1860 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntd suffpi. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo s fortune.vo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1861 fit: -70 chromo: jn be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slevp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto sae we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1862 fit: -70 chromo: jn be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slevp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto sae we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1863 fit: -70 chromo: ji be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws qfvtutr geo s fortune.uo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slevp. no morv.maydabd a sldeahto sae we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1864 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntowbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalbngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1865 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntowbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalbngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1866 fit: -70 chromo: jn be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethek tistnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slevp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto sae we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1867 fit: -70 chromo: jn be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethek tistnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slevp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto sae we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1868 fit: -70 chromo: jn be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethek tistnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slevp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto sae we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1869 fit: -70 chromo: jn be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethek tistnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slevp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto sae we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1870 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalbngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1871 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalbngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1872 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalbngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1873 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalbngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1874 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1875 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexalfngs azdgzrrkws qfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabd a sldeahto sae we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1876 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexalfngs azdgzrrkws qfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabd a sldeahto sae we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1877 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexalfngs azdgzrrkws qfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabd a sldeahto sae we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1878 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexalfngs azdgzrrkws qfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabd a sldeahto sae we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1879 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalbngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacjksv
gen: 1880 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethek tissnobler in the mindntl suffpi. thexalfngs azdgzrrkws qfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabd a slceahto sae we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabgral sacnksv
gen: 1881 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntowbe tdao hs theacuestion. whethej tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalbngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1882 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalbngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacjksv
gen: 1883 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1884 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1885 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalbngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgaonst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacjksu
gen: 1886 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao cs theacuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalbngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.qo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo sleap. no morv.naydbbd a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand nhz thousand nabhral saciksv
gen: 1887 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igaonst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a slceahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1888 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpp. thewalbngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgaonst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacjksu
gen: 1889 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntowbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethek tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalbngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo kakenards jgapnst a ssa ofctroublesva d bylop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydabh a sldeahto sae we eud.dtce hewraach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1890 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1891 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1892 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1893 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1894 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpp. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igaonst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacjksu
gen: 1895 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpp. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igaonst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacjksu
gen: 1896 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpp. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igaonst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacjksu
gen: 1897 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntosbe tdao ds theacuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpp. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutr geo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igaonst a ssa ofctroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacjksu
gen: 1898 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1899 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1900 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethe  tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpp. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksu
gen: 1901 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabpral sacnksv
gen: 1902 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabpral sacnksv
gen: 1903 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabpral sacnksv
gen: 1904 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgaonst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydrbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sasnksu
gen: 1905 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notntowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethe  tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpp. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksu
gen: 1906 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igaonst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sasjksu
gen: 1907 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igaonst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sasjksu
gen: 1908 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1909 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1910 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1911 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1912 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1913 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1914 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksv
gen: 1915 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakenards igaonst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach.mand mhz thousand nabhral sasjksu
gen: 1916 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabpral sacnksr
gen: 1917 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabpral sacnksr
gen: 1918 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabpral sacnksr
gen: 1919 fit: -70 chromo: nj be or notftosbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindmtl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hesrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksb
gen: 1920 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo pakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.oshng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sccnksv
gen: 1921 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalhngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo pakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.oshng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mh. thousand nabhral sasnksu
gen: 1922 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalhngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo pakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.oshng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mh. thousand nabhral sasnksu
gen: 1923 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalhngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo pakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.oshng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mh. thousand nabhral sasnksu
gen: 1924 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalhngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo pakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.oshng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mh. thousand nabhral sasnksu
gen: 1925 fit: -70 chromo: nj be or notftosbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindmtl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenarxs igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hesrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksb
gen: 1926 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgaonst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydrbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sasnksu
gen: 1927 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgaonst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydrbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sasnksu
gen: 1928 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgaonst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydrbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sasnksu
gen: 1929 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgaonst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydrbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sasnksu
gen: 1930 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdgzrrlws sfv.utrygeo.s fortune.uo. lo lakenards jgaonst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydrbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sasnksu
gen: 1931 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo pakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.oshng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sccnksv
gen: 1932 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydrbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sccnksu
gen: 1933 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalhngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo pakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.oshng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mh. thousand nabhral sasnksu
gen: 1934 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydrbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sccnksu
gen: 1935 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydrbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sccnksu
gen: 1936 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydrbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sccnksu
gen: 1937 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftosbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindmtl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydrbh a sldeqhto saf we eud.dtde hesrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sacnksu
gen: 1938 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalhngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo pakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesvasd bypop.oshng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mh. thousand nabhral sasnksu
gen: 1939 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalhngs azdgzrrkws sfvtutrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo pakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesvasd bypop.oshng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mh. thousand nabhral sasnksu
gen: 1940 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao ds theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydrbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sgcnksu
gen: 1941 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydrbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sccnksu
gen: 1942 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva.d bypop.oshng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sccnksu
gen: 1943 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva.d bypop.oshng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sccnksu
gen: 1944 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notvtowbe tdap cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hesrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sccnksb
gen: 1945 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpk. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccnksu
gen: 1946 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpk. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccnksu
gen: 1947 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpk. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccnksu
gen: 1948 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpk. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccnksu
gen: 1949 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpk. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccnksu
gen: 1950 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpk. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccnksu
gen: 1951 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpk. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccnksu
gen: 1952 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao as theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrr ws sfv.utrzgeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydrbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sdcnksu
gen: 1953 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao as theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrr ws sfv.utrzgeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydrbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sdcnksu
gen: 1954 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao as theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrr ws sfv.utrzgeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydrbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sdcnksu
gen: 1955 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao as theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrr ws sfv.utrzgeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydrbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sdcnksu
gen: 1956 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrzgeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sccnksu
gen: 1957 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao as theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdhzrr ws sfv.utrzgeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccnksu
gen: 1958 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrzgeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sccnksu
gen: 1959 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdak cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindmtl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfvsutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypoptoshng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sccnksu
gen: 1960 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpk. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccnksu
gen: 1961 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpk. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccnksu
gen: 1962 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao as theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindmtl suffpk. thewalfngs aydhzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypoptospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sccnksu
gen: 1963 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdhzrr ws sfv.utrzgeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydrbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand naahral scknksu
gen: 1964 fit: -70 chromo: zj be or notftowbe tbao cs theaxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpk. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo s fortune.uo  lo pakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce heurmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccnksu
gen: 1965 fit: -70 chromo: zj be or notftowbe tbao cs theaxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpk. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo s fortune.uo  lo pakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce heurmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccnksu
gen: 1966 fit: -70 chromo: zj be or notftowbe tbao cs theaxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpk. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo s fortune.uo  lo pakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce heurmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccnksu
gen: 1967 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or nothtowbe tdao as theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindmtl suffpk. thewalfngs aydhzrrkws sfvtutrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypoptospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nabhral sccnksu
gen: 1968 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdak cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdhzrr ws sfv.utrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypoptospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccnksu
gen: 1969 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdak cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdhzrr ws sfv.utrygeo s fortune.uo  lo lakenards jgapnst a sta ofdtroublesva d bypoptospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccnksu
gen: 1970 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs thebduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrzgeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbn a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sccnksu
gen: 1971 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs thebduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrzgeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbn a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sccnksu
gen: 1972 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindmtl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv utrzgeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbn a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewraach mand mhz thousand nabhral scknksu
gen: 1973 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or nothtowbe tdao cs thebduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 1974 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or nothtowbe tdao cs thebduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 1975 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpk. thewqlfngs azdhzrrkws qfv.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo pakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeihto saf we eud.dtce heurmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccpksu
gen: 1976 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpk. thewqlfngs azdhzrrkws qfv.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo pakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeihto saf we eud.dtce heurmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccpksu
gen: 1977 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpk. thewqlfngs azdhzrrkws qfv.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo pakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeihto saf we eud.dtce heurmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccpksu
gen: 1978 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or notftowbe tdao cs theaxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpk. thewqlfngs azdhzrrkws qfv.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo pakenards jgapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeihto saf we eud.dtce heurmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccpksu
gen: 1979 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or nothtowbe tdao cs thebduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 1980 fit: -70 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 1981 fit: -70 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 1982 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or nothtowbe tdao cs thebduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 1983 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or nothtowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo pakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d byoop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sccnksu
gen: 1984 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or nothtowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo pakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d byoop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sccnksu
gen: 1985 fit: -70 chromo: zj be or notftowbe tbao cs theaxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpk. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo s fortune.uo  lo pakenards jgapnst a sqa ofdtroublesva.d byoop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morh.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce heurmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccnksu
gen: 1986 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or nothtowbe tdao cs thebduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end th.m. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 1987 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or nothtowbe tdao cs thebduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 1988 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or nothtowbe tdao cs thebduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 1989 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or nothtowbe tdao cs thebduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 1990 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or nothtowbe tdao cs thebduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 1991 fit: -70 chromo: zj be or notftowbe tbao cs theaxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpk. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo s fortune.uo  lo pakenards jgapnst a sqa ofdtroublesva.d byoop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morh.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce heurmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccnksu
gen: 1992 fit: -70 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 1993 fit: -70 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 1994 fit: -70 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 1995 fit: -70 chromo: jj be or nothtowbe tdao cs thebduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end th.m. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 1996 fit: -70 chromo: zb be or notftowbe tbao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpk. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sfv.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo pakenards jgapnst a sqa ofdtroublesva.d byoop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtce heurmach mand mhz thousand naahral sccnksu
gen: 1997 fit: -70 chromo: ji be or nothtowbe tdao cs thebduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewriach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 1998 fit: -70 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 1999 fit: -70 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2000 fit: -70 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdao cs theaduestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uo  lo lakenards igapnst a ssa ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morf.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2001 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2002 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2003 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2004 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2005 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2006 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2007 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2008 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2009 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2010 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2011 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2012 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2013 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2014 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2015 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2016 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2017 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2018 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2019 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2020 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2021 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach iand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2022 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach iand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2023 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach iand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2024 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach iand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2025 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach iand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2026 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach iand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2027 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2028 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2029 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2030 fit: -69 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrkws sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slenp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand naphral scknksu
gen: 2031 fit: -68 chromo: jb be or nothtoxbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agadnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand ihz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2032 fit: -68 chromo: jb be or nothtoxbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agadnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand ihz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2033 fit: -68 chromo: jb be or nothtoxbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agadnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand ihz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2034 fit: -68 chromo: jb be or nothtoxbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agadnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand ihz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2035 fit: -68 chromo: jb be or nothtoxbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agadnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand ihz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2036 fit: -68 chromo: jb be or nothtoxbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agadnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand ihz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2037 fit: -68 chromo: jb be or nothtoxbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agadnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand ihz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2038 fit: -68 chromo: jb be or nothtoxbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agadnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand ihz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2039 fit: -68 chromo: jb be or nothtoxbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agadnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand ihz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2040 fit: -68 chromo: jb be or nothtoxbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agadnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand ihz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2041 fit: -68 chromo: jb be or nothtoxbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpl. thewalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agadnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand ihz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2042 fit: -68 chromo: jb be or nothtoxbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu dme vo slezp. no more.naydbbh a sldeawto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scknksu
gen: 2043 fit: -68 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakfnards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thsm. tu die vo slezp. no mkre.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2044 fit: -68 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpl. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo lakfnards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thsm. tu die vo slezp. no mkre.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2045 fit: -68 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntk suffpk. thewalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrygeo.s fprtune.uoy lo .akenards agadnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slebp. no more.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewqmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2046 fit: -68 chromo: nb be or nothtoxbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agadnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand ihz thousand nadhral sccnksu
gen: 2047 fit: -68 chromo: nb be or nothtoxbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agadnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand ihz thousand nadhral sccnksu
gen: 2048 fit: -68 chromo: nb be or nothtoxbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrygeo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agadnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slebp. no morv.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand ihz thousand nadhral sccnksu
gen: 2049 fit: -68 chromo: jb be or notptowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs aydhzrrows sff utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slezp. no mkrv.nbydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2050 fit: -68 chromo: jb be or notptowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrowc sff utrageo.s fprtune.uoy lo .akenards agadnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slezp. no mkre.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2051 fit: -68 chromo: jb be or notptowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrowc sff utrageo.s fprtune.uoy lo .akenards agadnst a s a ofdtroublesva d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slezp. no mkre.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2052 fit: -67 chromo: jb bu or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slezp. no mkre.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2053 fit: -67 chromo: jb bu or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tu die vo slezp. no mkre.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2054 fit: -67 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnstca s a ofdtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slezp. no mkre.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2055 fit: -67 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnstca s a ofdtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slezp. no mkre.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2056 fit: -67 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnstca s a ofdtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slezp. no mkre.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2057 fit: -67 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnstca s a ofdtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slezp. no mkre.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2058 fit: -67 chromo: jb be or nothtoxbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindjtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff utrageo.s fortuna.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slezp. no more.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde.hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2059 fit: -67 chromo: jb be or nothtoxbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindjtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff utrageo.s fortuna.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slezp. no more.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde.hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2060 fit: -66 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnstca s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slezp. no more.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2061 fit: -66 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnstca s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slezp. no more.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2062 fit: -66 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnstca s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slezp. no more.naydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2063 fit: -66 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slezp. no mkre.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand yhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2064 fit: -66 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisrnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnstca s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slezp. no more.naydbbx a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewreach mand mhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2065 fit: -66 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisrnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnstca s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slezp. no more.naydbbx a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewreach mand mhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2066 fit: -66 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethemctisrnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbx a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scopksu
gen: 2067 fit: -66 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethemctisrnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbx a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand mhz thousand nadhral scopksu
gen: 2068 fit: -66 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisrnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrageo.s fmrtune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofhtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slezp. no more.naidbbx a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yhz thousand nadhral scopksu
gen: 2069 fit: -66 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisrnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrageo.s fmrtune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofhtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slezp. no more.naidbbx a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yhz thousand nadhral scopksu
gen: 2070 fit: -66 chromo: jr be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethei tisrnobler in the mindntl suffhk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.voy lo .akenards agapnstca s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud.dtde hewrmach mand yhz thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2071 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2072 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2073 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2074 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2075 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2076 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2077 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2078 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2079 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2080 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2081 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2082 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2083 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2084 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2085 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2086 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2087 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2088 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2089 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2090 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.naidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud..tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2091 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam gs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no morg.naidbbh a slpeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2092 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam gs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofdtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no morg.naidbbh a slpeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naphral scopksu
gen: 2093 fit: -65 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindjtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akejards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slevp. no more.baydbbh a sldeapto saf we evd. tde hewrmach mcnd yhb thousand nadhral sconksu
gen: 2094 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindjtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a ska ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeapto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2095 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindjtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a ska ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeapto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2096 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindjtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a ska ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeapto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2097 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindjtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a ska ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeapto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2098 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindjtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a ska ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeapto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2099 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindjtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a ska ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeapto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2100 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindjtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a ska ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeapto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2101 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindjtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a ska ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeapto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2102 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindjtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a ska ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeapto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2103 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindjtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a ska ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeapto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2104 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebxuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindptl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhdrrows sff.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tv die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yh. thousand naohral scopksu
gen: 2105 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2106 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2107 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2108 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2109 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2110 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2111 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2112 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2113 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageods fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2114 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageods fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2115 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageods fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2116 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageods fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2117 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageods fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2118 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageods fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.osong end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2119 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageods fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.osong end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2120 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageods fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.osong end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2121 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral scojksu
gen: 2122 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral scojksu
gen: 2123 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindjtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sfn.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a ska ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeapto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral scomksu
gen: 2124 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindjtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sfn.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a ska ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeapto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral scomksu
gen: 2125 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or nothtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindjtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sfn.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a ska ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeapto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral scomksu
gen: 2126 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageocs fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.osong end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2127 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akefards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thsm. tv die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naohral scopksu
gen: 2128 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akefards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thsm. tv die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naohral scopksu
gen: 2129 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akefards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thsm. tv die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naohral scopksu
gen: 2130 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.osong end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we ead. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2131 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageods fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2132 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisrnobler in the mindjtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sfndutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naohral scomksu
gen: 2133 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisrnobler in the mindjtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sfndutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naohral scomksu
gen: 2134 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisrnobler in the mindjtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sfndutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naohral scomksu
gen: 2135 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sff.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akefards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.oslng end thsm. tv die vo slezp. no more.baydbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naohral scopksu
gen: 2136 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageods fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2137 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageods fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2138 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageods fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2139 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisrnobler in the mindjtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdhzrrows sfndutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydfbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naohral scomksu
gen: 2140 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2141 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2142 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2143 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisanobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sff.utrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akefards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.oslng end thtm. tv die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naohral scopksu
gen: 2144 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageods fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.osong end thsm. tt die vo sle.p. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral scomksu
gen: 2145 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageods fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.osong end thsm. tt die vo sle.p. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral scomksu
gen: 2146 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageods fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.osong end thsm. tt die vo sle.p. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral scomksu
gen: 2147 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisanobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.oslng end thsm. tt die vo slezp. no more.baadbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naohral scopksu
gen: 2148 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisanobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.oslng end thsm. tt die vo slezp. no more.baadbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naohral scopksu
gen: 2149 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisanobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.oslng end thsm. tt die vo slezp. no more.baadbbh a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naohral scopksu
gen: 2150 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageods fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypopzospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhn thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2151 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageods fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypopzospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baidbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachymand yhn thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2152 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2153 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2154 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.osong end thsm. tt die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we ead. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2155 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.osong end thsm. tt die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we ead. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2156 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.osong end thsm. tt die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we ead. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2157 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo .akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesvald bypop.osong end thsm. tt die vo slezp. no more.baidbbh a sldeahto saf we ead. tde hewrmachymand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2158 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisrnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2159 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2160 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baadbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2161 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisrnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agahnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2162 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisrnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbe a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2163 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisrnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageo.s fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbe a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2164 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisrnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agahnst a s a ofwtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thrm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2165 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindmtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo sakenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baadbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2166 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindmtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo sakenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baadbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2167 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindmtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo sakenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baadbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2168 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisrnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfv.utrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2169 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2170 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindmtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo sakenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baadbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2171 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindmtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo sakenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baadbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2172 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindmtl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo sakenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baadbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand yhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2173 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral scomksu
gen: 2174 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral scomksu
gen: 2175 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalvngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baadbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral scomksu
gen: 2176 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalvngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baadbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral scomksu
gen: 2177 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalvngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baadbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral scomksu
gen: 2178 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2179 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2180 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2181 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisrnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfv.utrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypopsoslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2182 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisrnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sfv.utrageops fortune.uoy lo .akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypopsoslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde heurmach mand zhb thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2183 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisrnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sfv.utrageops fortune.uoy lo .akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypopsoslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde heurmach mand zhb thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2184 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisrnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sfv.utrageops fortune.uoy lo .akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypopsoslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde heurmach mand zhb thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2185 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2186 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisrnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfv.utrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2187 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfv.utrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand napxral sconksu
gen: 2188 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenarcs agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2189 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenarcs agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2190 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thetalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral scomksu
gen: 2191 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenarcs agapnst a sca ofxtroublesba.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2192 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenarcs agapnst a sca ofxtroublesba.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2193 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenarcs agapnst a sca ofxtroublesba.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2194 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tisrnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sfv.utrageops fortune.uoy lo .akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypopsoslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde heurmach mand zhb thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2195 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tisrnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sfv.utrageops fortune.uoy lo .akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypopsoslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde heurmach mand zhb thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2196 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.bazdbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2197 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.bazdbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2198 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe t.am cs thebtuestion. whetheo tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenarcs agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeihto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhy thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2199 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thetalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral scomksu
gen: 2200 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethem tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thetalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral scomksu
gen: 2201 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethea tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thetalfngs azdfzrrows sfv.utrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.ospng end thsm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naoxral scomksu
gen: 2202 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whetheo tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesra.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2203 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whetheo tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesra.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2204 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2205 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2206 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2207 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2208 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whetheo tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesra.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2209 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whetheo tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesra.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2210 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whetheo tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesra.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2211 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whetheo tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesra.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2212 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoy ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhb thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2213 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesra.d bypop.ospng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2214 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs theftuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we ead. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2215 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs theftuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we ead. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2216 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whetheo tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sfvdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesra.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoxral sconksu
gen: 2217 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whetheo tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesra.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2218 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whetheo tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sfv.utrageops fortune.woz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesra.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.aaydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2219 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2220 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto san we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2221 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntp suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto san we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2222 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baqdbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2223 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs theftuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a sldeahto saf we ead. tde hewrmach mand zhb thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2224 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whetheo tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesra.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tb die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2225 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eqd. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2226 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto san we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2227 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto san we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2228 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto san we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2229 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto san we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2230 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto san we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2231 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or nototoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntp suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2232 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntp suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto san we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2233 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntp suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz co  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto san we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2234 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntp suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz co  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto san we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2235 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntp suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz co  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto san we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2236 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntp suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz co  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto san we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2237 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whetheo tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdfzrrows sffdutrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesra.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tb die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2238 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baqdbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thoqsand naoural sconksu
gen: 2239 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baqdbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thoqsand naoural sconksu
gen: 2240 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baqdbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thoqsand naoural sconksu
gen: 2241 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or nototoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntp suffnk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baqdbbn a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2242 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or nototoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntp suffnk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baqdbbn a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2243 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or nototoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntp suffnk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baqdbbn a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2244 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whether tisynobler in the mindptl suffpk. thexalfnhs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceadto saf we eud. tdeshewrmach mand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2245 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whether tisynobler in the mindptl suffpk. thexalfnhs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceadto saf we eud. tdeshewrmach mand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2246 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thejtuestion. whetheb tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoy lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eqd. tde hewrmachkiand zhz thousand naowral sconksu
gen: 2247 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baqdbbf acslceehto saf we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2248 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baqdbbf acslceehto saf we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2249 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agapnst a s a ovxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baqdbbf a slceehto saf we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2250 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. np more.baydbbf a slceadto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2251 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. np more.baydbbf a slceadto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2252 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. np more.baydbbf a slceadto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2253 fit: -64 chromo: ja bg or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbn a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2254 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. np more.baydbbf a slceadto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2255 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindntl suffpk. thexalfngs azdezrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. np more.baydbbf a slceadto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2256 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ct theituestion. whether tisynorler in the mindntl suffmk. thexalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageons fortune.uoi ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2257 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ct theituestion. whether tisynorler in the mindntl suffmk. thexalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageons fortune.uoi ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2258 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ct theituestion. whether tisynorler in the mindntl suffmk. thexalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageons fortune.uoi ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop.oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2259 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ct thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2260 fit: -64 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ks thebtuestion. whethen tisqnobler in the mindntl suffpk. tpewalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenarps agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d byoop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baqdbbf a slceehto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksv
gen: 2261 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thewalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baqdbbf a slceedto saf we eud. tde hfwrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2262 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ct thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2263 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ct thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach mand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2264 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbestdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdmjrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tq die vo sle.p. no more.bazdbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2265 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thewalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baqdbbf a slceedto saf we eud. tde hfwrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2266 fit: -64 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ct theftuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz lo  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewreach mand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2267 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2268 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2269 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2270 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2271 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2272 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2273 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2274 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2275 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2276 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2277 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand rhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2278 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand rhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2279 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand rhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2280 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand rhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2281 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand rhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2282 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand rhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2283 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand rhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2284 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand rhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2285 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindntl suffpk. thewalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand rhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2286 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baqdbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2287 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo sleip. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsyand zhb thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2288 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo sleip. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsyand zhb thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2289 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2290 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2291 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2292 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2293 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2294 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2295 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2296 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2297 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2298 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtovbe tcam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo sleip. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsyand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2299 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2300 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2301 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2302 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notwtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baqdbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.jand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2303 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2304 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2305 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akemards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2306 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akemards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2307 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notctoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sdofksa
gen: 2308 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2309 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2310 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdmzrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksa
gen: 2311 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2312 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slezp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2313 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notctoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azda.rrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2314 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notctoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azda.rrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2315 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notctoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azda.rrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2316 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notctoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azda.rrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2317 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notctoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azda.rrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2318 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tcam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsyand zhz thousand nagural scofksa
gen: 2319 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notctoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2320 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notctoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2321 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notctoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2322 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notctoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2323 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akemards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachgiand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2324 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thehalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akemards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceehto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsiand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2325 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notctoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.yand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2326 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tcam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsyand zhz thousand nagural scofksa
gen: 2327 fit: -63 chromo: ba be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akemards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachgiand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2328 fit: -63 chromo: ba be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akemards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachgiand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2329 fit: -63 chromo: ba be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akemards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachgiand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2330 fit: -63 chromo: ba be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akemards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachgiand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2331 fit: -63 chromo: ba be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akemards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachgiand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2332 fit: -63 chromo: ba be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akemards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.baydbbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachgiand zhz thousand naoural sconksu
gen: 2333 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notctoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2334 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs aydazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsyand zhz thousand nagural scofksu
gen: 2335 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thebtuestion. whethen tisynobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs aydazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachsyand zhz thousand nagural scofksu
gen: 2336 fit: -63 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachgiand zhz thousand naoural sckeksu
gen: 2337 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2338 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2339 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2340 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2341 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2342 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2343 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sfv.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachgyand zhz thousand nagural scofksu
gen: 2344 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sfv.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachgyand zhz thousand nagural scofksu
gen: 2345 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sfv.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachgyand zhz thousand nagural scofksu
gen: 2346 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sfv.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachgyand zhz thousand nagural scofksu
gen: 2347 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sfv.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachgyand zhz thousand nagural scofksu
gen: 2348 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sfv.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachgyand zhz thousand nagural scofksu
gen: 2349 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sfv.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachgyand zhz thousand nagural scofksu
gen: 2350 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindnt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sfv.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmachgyand zhz thousand nagural scofksu
gen: 2351 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksw
gen: 2352 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2353 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2354 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2355 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2356 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2357 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2358 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksw
gen: 2359 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksw
gen: 2360 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agadnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2361 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thsm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhb thousand nagural sdofksu
gen: 2362 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksu
gen: 2363 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.dayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksw
gen: 2364 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agapnst a sca ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.dayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand naoural sdonksw
gen: 2365 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexblfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thsm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceihto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhb thousand nagural sdofksu
gen: 2366 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexblfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d byoop oslng end thsm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhb thousand nagural sdofksu
gen: 2367 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ls thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sfv.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osdng end thtm. tr die uokslejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.yand zhz thousand naoural sconksw
gen: 2368 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexblfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d byoop oslng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhz thousand nagural sdonksu
gen: 2369 fit: -62 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexblfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uoz ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d byoop oslng end thsm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.iand zhb thousand nagural sdofksu
gen: 2370 fit: -61 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osdng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.yand zhz thousand naoural sdonksw
gen: 2371 fit: -61 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osdng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.yand zhz thousand naoural sdonksw
gen: 2372 fit: -61 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osdng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.yand zhz thousand naoural sdonksw
gen: 2373 fit: -61 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osdng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.yand zhz thousand naoural sdonksw
gen: 2374 fit: -61 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osdng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.yand zhz thousand naoural sdonksw
gen: 2375 fit: -61 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osdng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.yand zhz thousand naoural sdonksw
gen: 2376 fit: -61 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osdng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.yand zhz thousand naoural sdonksw
gen: 2377 fit: -61 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osdng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.yand zhz thousand naoural sdonksw
gen: 2378 fit: -61 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osdng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.yand zhz thousand naoural sdonksw
gen: 2379 fit: -61 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osdng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.yand zhz thousand naoural sdonksw
gen: 2380 fit: -61 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ds thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. thexalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osdng end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto saf we eud. tde hewrmach.yand zhz thousand naoural sdonksw
gen: 2381 fit: -61 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thetalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thdm. tr die uo slejp. no.more.bayddbx a slceahto sav we eud. tde hegrmach iand zgr thousand nagural shonksw
gen: 2382 fit: -60 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thetalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we eud. tde hegrmach iand zhr thousand nagural sdonksw
gen: 2383 fit: -60 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thetalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we eud. tde hegrmach iand zhr thousand nagural sdonksw
gen: 2384 fit: -60 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thetalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we eud. tde hegrmach iand zhr thousand nagural sdonksw
gen: 2385 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. the.blfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thsm. tb die fo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slcechto saf we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2386 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. the.blfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thsm. tb die fo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slcechto saf we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2387 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. the.blfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thsm. tb die fo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slcechto saf we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2388 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. the.blfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thsm. tb die fo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slcechto saf we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2389 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. the.blfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thsm. tb die fo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slcechto saf we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2390 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. the.blfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thsm. tb die fo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slcechto saf we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2391 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. the.blfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thsm. tb die fo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slcechto saf we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2392 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. the.blfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thsm. tb die fo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slcechto saf we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2393 fit: -60 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thetalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we eud. tde hegrmach iand zhr thousand nagural sdonksw
gen: 2394 fit: -60 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thetalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we eud. tde hegrmach iand zhr thousand nagural sdonksw
gen: 2395 fit: -60 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thetalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we eud. tde hegrmach iand zhr thousand nagural sdonksw
gen: 2396 fit: -60 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thetalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we eud. tde hegrmach iand zhr thousand nagural sdonksw
gen: 2397 fit: -60 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thetalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we eud. tde hegrmach iand zhr thousand nagural sdonksw
gen: 2398 fit: -60 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thetalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we eud. tde hegrmach iand zhr thousand nagural sdonksw
gen: 2399 fit: -60 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thetalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we eud. tde hegrmach iand zhr thousand nagural sdonksw
gen: 2400 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. the.blfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akebards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thsm. tb die fo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slcechto saf we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2401 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. the.blfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akebards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thsm. tb die fo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slcechto saf we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2402 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. the.blfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akebards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thsm. tb die fo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slcechto saf we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2403 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. the.blfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akebards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thsm. tb die fo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slcechto saf we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2404 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. the.blfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akebards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thsm. tb die fo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slcechto saf we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2405 fit: -60 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thetalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we eud. tde hegrmach iand zhr thousand nagural sdonksw
gen: 2406 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tcam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. sufbpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor io  akebards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2407 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tcam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. sufbpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor io  akebards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2408 fit: -60 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tcam ts thebtuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor io  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die uo slejp. no more.biyddbf a slceahto sav we eud. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2409 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. the.blfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akebards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thsm. tb die fo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slcechto saf we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2410 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. the.blfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akebards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thsm. tb die fo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slcechto saf we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2411 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tcam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. sufbpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor io  akebards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2412 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. the.blfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akebards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thsm. tb die fo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slcechto saf we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2413 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. suffpk. the.blfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akebards agapnst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop oslng end thsm. tb die fo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slcechto saf we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhz thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2414 fit: -60 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thetalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we eud. tde hegrmach iand zhr thousand nagural sdonksw
gen: 2415 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tcam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. sufbpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor io  akebards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhy thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2416 fit: -60 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mmndlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akebards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die fo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto saf we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand nagural shonksu
gen: 2417 fit: -60 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mmndlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akebards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die fo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto saf we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand nagural shonksu
gen: 2418 fit: -60 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mmndlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akebards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die fo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto saf we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand nagural shonksu
gen: 2419 fit: -60 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thetalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tz die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we eud. tde hegrmach iand zhr thousand nagural sdonksw
gen: 2420 fit: -60 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thebtuestion. whethen tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thetalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tz die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we eud. tde hegrmach iand zhr thousand nagural sdonksw
gen: 2421 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tcam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. sufbpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor io  akebards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhy thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2422 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tcam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. sufbpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor io  akebards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhy thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2423 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tcam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. sufbpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor io  akebards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhy thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2424 fit: -60 chromo: je be or notgtoxbe tcam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindpt. sufbpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor io  akebards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbf a slceahto sav we ead. tde hewrmach iand zhy thousand nacural shonksu
gen: 2425 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2426 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2427 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2428 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2429 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2430 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2431 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2432 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2433 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2434 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2435 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2436 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tcam ts thebtuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor io  akebards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand nagural shonksw
gen: 2437 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tcam ts thebtuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor io  akebards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand nagural shonksw
gen: 2438 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tcam ts thebtuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor io  akebards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand nagural shonksw
gen: 2439 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2440 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2441 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2442 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam xs theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akebards agaonst a s a ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2443 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam xs theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akebards agaonst a s a ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2444 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam xs theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akebards agaonst a s a ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2445 fit: -59 chromo: ba be or notgtoxbe tcam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo slezp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sad we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2446 fit: -59 chromo: ba be or notgtoxbe tcam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo slezp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sad we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2447 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2448 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2449 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2450 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2451 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2452 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam xs theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sffzutrageops fortune.uor ko  akebards agaonst a s a offtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2453 fit: -59 chromo: ba be or nothtoxbe tcam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo slezp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sad we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2454 fit: -59 chromo: ba be or nothtoxbe tcam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo slezp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sad we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2455 fit: -59 chromo: ba be or nothtoxbe tcam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo slezp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sad we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2456 fit: -59 chromo: ba be or nothtoxbe tcam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo slezp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sad we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2457 fit: -59 chromo: ba be or nothtoxbe tcam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo slezp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sad we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand nahural shonksw
gen: 2458 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2459 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2460 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2461 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tcam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo slezp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sad we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2462 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tcam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo slezp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sad we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhy thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2463 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2464 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or nothtoxbe tcam ts theasuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sad we ead. tde hegrmachsiand zhz thousand napural shojksw
gen: 2465 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or nothtoxbe tcam ts theasuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sad we ead. tde hegrmachsiand zhz thousand napural shojksw
gen: 2466 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or nothtoxbe tcam ts theasuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a s a ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sad we ead. tde hegrmachsiand zhz thousand napural shojksw
gen: 2467 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2468 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2469 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2470 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2471 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2472 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2473 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2474 fit: -59 chromo: ja be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2475 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaknst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bazddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmachciand zhz thousand napural shopksw
gen: 2476 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaknst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bazddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmachciand zhz thousand napural shopksw
gen: 2477 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bazddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmachciand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2478 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2479 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2480 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2481 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2482 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2483 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2484 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2485 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2486 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2487 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2488 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2489 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor oo  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tq die uo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmachciand zhz thousand napural shopksw
gen: 2490 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor oo  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tq die uo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmachciand zhz thousand napural shopksw
gen: 2491 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor oo  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tq die uo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmachciand zhz thousand napural shopksw
gen: 2492 fit: -59 chromo: jc be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. the.alfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2493 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaknst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bazddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmachciand zhz thousand napural shopksw
gen: 2494 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaknst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bazddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmachciand zhz thousand napural shopksw
gen: 2495 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2496 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor oo  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo sleip. no more.bazddbh a slceagto sav we ead. tde hegrmachciand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2497 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor oo  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo sleip. no more.bazddbh a slceagto sav we ead. tde hegrmachciand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2498 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bazddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2499 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bazddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2500 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bazddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2501 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2502 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2503 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bazdhbh a slceagto sav we ead. tde hegrmachciand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2504 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor oo  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo sleip. no more.bazddbh a slceagto sav we ead. tde hegrmachciand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2505 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaknst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bazddbh a slceahto sav we ead. tde hegrmachciand zhz thousand napural shopksw
gen: 2506 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2507 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindltd suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor oo  akenards agaonst a sla ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bazddbh a slceagto sav we ead. tde hegrmachciand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2508 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtotbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a sla ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bazddbh a slceagto sau we ead. tde hegrmachciand jhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2509 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theyalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bazddbh a slceagto sav we ead. tde hegrmachciand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2510 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdaa ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akemards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo sleip. no more.bazddbh a slceagto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2511 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdaa ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akemards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo sleip. no more.bazddbh a slceagto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2512 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdaa ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akemards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo sleip. no more.bazddbh a slceagto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2513 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdaa ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akemards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo sleip. no more.bazddbh a slceagto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2514 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdaa ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akemards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo sleip. no more.bazddbh a slceagto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2515 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdaa ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akemards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo sleip. no more.bazddbh a slceagto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2516 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdaa ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akemards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo sleip. no more.bazddbh a slceagto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2517 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2518 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2519 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2520 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2521 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2522 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2523 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2524 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2525 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtotbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2526 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindltd suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agacnst a sla ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmachsiand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2527 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalnngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor oo  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceagto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2528 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalnngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor oo  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceagto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2529 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtotbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageoos fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sau we ead. tde hegrmach aand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2530 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtotbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffdk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageoos fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sau we ead. tde hegrmach aand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2531 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtotbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffdk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageoos fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die vo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sau we ead. tde hegrmach aand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2532 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2533 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2534 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2535 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2536 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2537 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdaa ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thsm. tz die uo slebp. no more.bayddbh a slceagto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2538 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdaa ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thsm. tz die uo slebp. no more.bayddbh a slceagto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2539 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdaa ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoop osing end thsm. tz die uo slebp. no more.bayddbh a slceagto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2540 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor oo  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2541 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor oo  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2542 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageoos fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sau we ead. tde hegrmach aand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2543 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageoos fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sau we ead. tde hegrmach aand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2544 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageoos fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sau we ead. tde hegrmach aand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2545 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor oo  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde heormach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2546 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindltd suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a sla ofxtroublesua.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die vo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2547 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindltd suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a sla ofxtroublesua.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die vo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2548 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindltd suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a sla ofxtroublesua.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die vo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2549 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindltd suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a sla ofxtroublesua.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die vo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2550 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindltd suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a sla ofxtroublesua.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die vo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2551 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindltd suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a sla ofxtroublesua.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die vo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2552 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindltd suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a sla ofxtroublesua.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die vo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2553 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindltd suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a sla ofxtroublesua.d bypop osing end thsm. tr die vo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2554 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageoos fortune.uor oo  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2555 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam cs thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageoos fortune.uor oo  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2556 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko yakenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop.osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2557 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko yakenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop.osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2558 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdayrrows sff.utrageoos fortune.uor ko  akenarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhj thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2559 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor oo  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde heormach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2560 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor oo  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde heormach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2561 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thezalfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor oo  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byoopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde heormach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2562 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdayrrows  ff.utrageoos fortune.uor ko  akenarcs agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach aand zhj thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2563 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdayrrows  ff.utrageoos fortune.uor ko  akenarcs agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach aand zhj thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2564 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdayrrows  ff.utrageoos fortune.uor ko  akenarcs agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach aand zhj thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2565 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdayrrows  ff.utrageoos fortune.uor ko  akenarcs agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach aand zhj thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2566 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdayrrows  ff.utrageoos fortune.uor ko  akenarcs agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach aand zhj thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2567 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdayrrows  ff.utrageoos fortune.uor ko  akenarcs agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach aand zhj thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2568 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko yakenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop.osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2569 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko yakenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop.osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2570 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko yakenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop.osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2571 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko yakenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop.osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2572 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko yakenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop.osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2573 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko yakenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop.osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2574 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdayrrows sff.utrageoos fortune.uor ko  akenards agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sav we ead. tde hegrnach iand zhj thousand napural shonksw
gen: 2575 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2576 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2577 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2578 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2579 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2580 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2581 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2582 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2583 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2584 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2585 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.vor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2586 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.vor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2587 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.vor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2588 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.vor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2589 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2590 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tcam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tce hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2591 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hecrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2592 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tcam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tce hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2593 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tcam ss theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypop.osing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tce hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2594 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.vor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2595 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs ajdayrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofttroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2596 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tcam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor lo  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tce hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2597 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tcam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor lo  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tce hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2598 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs ajdayrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofttroublesva.d bydop.osing end thtm. tr die uo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2599 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs ajdayrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofttroublesva.d bydop.osing end thtm. tr die uo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2600 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2601 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs ajdayrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofttroublesva.d bydop.osing end thtm. tr die uo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2602 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor io  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2603 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor io  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2604 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts theatuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor io  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2605 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2606 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2607 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2608 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis.nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. therqlfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofttroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2609 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2610 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2611 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageods fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtrpublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2612 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfbgs andazrrows tff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofttroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die uo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand napural shomksw
gen: 2613 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows tff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.dayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2614 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2615 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs azdazrrows tff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tq die fo sleip. no more.dayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2616 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs aydazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2617 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. therqlfngs andazrrows tff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst m ska ofttroublesva.d bypopcosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2618 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethgp tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralengs andazrrows tff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byxopcosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.dayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2619 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearvestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageods fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2620 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearvestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageods fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2621 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs aydazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2622 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. dde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2623 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. saffpk. theralfngs andazrrows tff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesradd bydopcosing end thtm. tq die eo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2624 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. saffpk. theralfngs andazrrows tff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesradd bydopcosing end thtm. tq die eo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2625 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or nothtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis noblur in the mindlt. suffpk. theralengs andazrrows tff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofttroublesva.d byxopcosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2626 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or nothtoxbe tdam ts thearuestion. whethep tis noblur in the mindlt. suffpk. theralengs andazrrows tff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofttroublesva.d byxopcosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2627 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroubleqva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2628 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageops fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroubleqva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2629 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearvestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageods fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2630 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearvestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageods fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2631 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearvestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageods fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2632 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearvestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageods fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2633 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobleryin the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageods fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2634 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs aydazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2635 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whe.hep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralengs andazrrows sff.utrageods fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofttroublesva.d byxopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2636 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thebruestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. dde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2637 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ts thebruestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. dde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2638 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whe.hep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralengs andazrrows sff.utrageods fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbd a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2639 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whe.hep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralengs andazrrows sff.utrageods fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbd a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2640 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlx. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2641 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlx. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2642 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. therakengs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byxopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2643 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs aydbzrrows sff.utrageods fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2644 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs aydazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2645 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlx. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2646 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlx. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2647 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. therakengs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byxopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2648 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. therakengs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byxopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2649 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. therakengs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byxopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2650 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlx. suffpk. thetalfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2651 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe sxam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofvtroublesva.d byxopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.baydcbd a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2652 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mkndlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d byxopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2653 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mkndlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d byxopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2654 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe sxam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofvtroublesva.d byxopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.baydcbd a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2655 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor oo  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejl. no more.bayddbd a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2656 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mkndlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d byxopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2657 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlx. suffpk. thetalfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopdosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2658 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlx. suffpk. thetalfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopdosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2659 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindk.. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor oo  akejarps agamnst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbd a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2660 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindk.. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor oo  akejarps agamnst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbd a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2661 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindk.. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor oo  akejarps agamnst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbd a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2662 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlx. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d byxopdosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.ba ddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2663 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. wxethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopdosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand .hz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2664 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. wxethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopdosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand .hz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2665 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearumstion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thetalfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2666 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mkndlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d byxopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2667 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mkndlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d byxopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2668 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mkndlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d byxopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2669 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindkt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor oo  alejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thsm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbd a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2670 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindkt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor oo  alejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thsm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbd a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2671 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffnk. theralfngs andazrrowc sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesvatd bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.baydcbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2672 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffnk. theralfngs andazrrowc sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesvatd bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.baydcbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2673 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. wxethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesvatd bydopdosing end thtm. tr die eo sleip. no more.bayddbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand .hz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2674 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearumstion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thetalfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2675 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearumstion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. thetalfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2676 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mkndlt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d byxopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhb thousand naoural shoeksw
gen: 2677 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearumstion. whethep tis nobler in the mindkt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor oo  akejarps agaonst a ska ofhtroublesvatd bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.baydcbh a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2678 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlx. suffpk. thetalfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a sla ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand zhz thousand naoural shoeksw
gen: 2679 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtowbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlx. suffpk. thetalfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a sla ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand zhz thousand naoural shoeksw
gen: 2680 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindkt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor oo  akenarps agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.baybcbd a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2681 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindkt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor oo  akenarps agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.baybcbd a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2682 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindkt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor oo  akenarps agaonst a ska ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.baybcbd a slceahto sau we ead. tde hegrmach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2683 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe txam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindkt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor oo  a enarps agaonst a ska ofxtroublesvatd bydopdosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand .hz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2684 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs anduzrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a sla ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo skejp. no more.baydcbh a slcebhto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand zhz thousand naoural shoeksw
gen: 2685 fit: -59 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindlt. suffpk. theralfngs anduzrrows sff.utrageols fortune.uor ko  akejarps agaonst a sla ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo skejp. no more.baydcbh a slcebhto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand zhz thousand naoural shoeksw
gen: 2686 fit: -58 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindkt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor oo  akenarps agaonst a sla ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2687 fit: -58 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindkt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor oo  akenarps agaonst a sla ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2688 fit: -58 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindkt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor oo  akenarps agaonst a sla ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2689 fit: -58 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindkt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor oo  akenarps agaonst a sla ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2690 fit: -58 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindkt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor oo  akenarps agaonst a sla ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2691 fit: -58 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindkt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor oo  akenarps agaonst a sla ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2692 fit: -58 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindkt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor oo  akenarps agaonst a sla ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
gen: 2693 fit: -58 chromo: jb be or notgtoxbe tdam ss thearuestion. whethep tis nobler in the mindkt. suffpk. theralfngs andazrrows sfe.utrageols fortune.uor oo  akenarps agaonst a sla ofhtroublesva.d bydopcosing end thtm. tr die eo slejp. no more.bayddbh a slcebhto sau we ead. tde hegraach iand zhz thousand naoural shomksw
